---
tags:
  - meetings
date: 07-02-2022
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of February 7, 2022
## Attendees
@Lewwwk @remarkk @Ryan  @MBaldwin @heenal @AlexH @Rowan   @flashlight 
## Checkin
How are you arriving?
## Checklist
- Are you up to date on discord in channels relevant to your role(s)?
	- Michael: yes
	- Michelle: yes
	- Heenal: yes
	- Alex: yes
	- Mark: yes
	- Rowan: Yes
	- Ryan: yes 
	- Peter: yes 
- Are all task statuses and due dates up to date on Clarity for the projects/tasks that you are holdings?
	- Michael: no
	- Michelle: yes
	- Heenal: yes
	- Rowan: yes
	- Ryan: no (now yes)
	- Mark: no
	- Alex: no
	- Peter: no 

## Metrics
What's your capacity for SB in the coming week?
- Flashlight: 0.5-1 days
- Heenal: 0.5-1 days
- Rowan: 1.5
- Michael:  1
- Mark: 0.5-1 day
- Michelle: 1 day
- Alex: 0.5-1 day
- Ryan: 0.5-1 day

## Projects
#[23 Community Experience Project](23%20Community%20Experience%20Project) 
- Last week:
	- Transformation Storytelling Fellow confirmed Ayusha Mahajan was selected and here is her submission [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BCugxG2OAo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BCugxG2OAo) for an exercise where we asked her "Share an expression of the future you hope for using any kind of creative medium (video, visual art, poetry, music, blog or any other form of your choice). Starts 2-5 hrs this Feb 9 and 20 hrs starting Feb 21. Need to sort how she can best contribute to SB. Note below.
	- 1:1 meeting with Victor Beausoleil who has two youth interested in SB. Also requested a one pager, will send crowdfund blog when ready
	- Equity convo with GC and follow up convo with Rowan, Michael, Heenal
	- CXI meeting, 
	- Launch plan draft
	- web3 and SuperBenefit tour for Community Foundations of Canada team
	- Intro to web3 course started with Heenal, Gord Holley and Michael Redhead Champagne with debrief convo booked after the 4 week course
	- Will continue with the next economies table with Catalyst 2030 [https://catalyst2030.net/](https://catalyst2030.net/)  and now more specifically business structures sub group where web3 will be explored
	- Meeting Jayne Engle and Tanya Chung-Tiam-Fook Centre for Indigenous Innovation and Technology about SuperBenefit and their engagement, while broader focus on web3 interested in starting an Indigenous art collective commons and Catherine Tammaro would be a support to this offering [https://torontoartscouncil.org/news/catherine-tammaro-joins-tac-as-the-new-indigenous](https://torontoartscouncil.org/news/catherine-tammaro-joins-tac-as-the-new-indigenous)  - suggest how do we track these unintended outcomes from SB, get sense that not creating sub-DAOs for SB such as this
- This week:
	- Onboard Transformation Storytelling Fellow
	- Governance feedback
	- Transition from Welcome Party format and suggesting SuperBenefit Onboarding one week and SuperBenefit AMA (Ask me Anything) the other week, both bi-weekly
	- Create a bounty outline for Weekly Update 
	- Mini community survey for entering into Discord before launch e.g. DAO Social Club and CCS, MB for survey questions and Heenal for set up
- Blockers: 

#[68 Set up Information Systems](68%20Set%20up%20Information%20Systems) 
- Last week:
	- Update Getting Started page on Notion
	- Start 4-week crypto course
	- Supported other Squads in their work
- This week:
	- Discord and Notion content for crowdfund launch
	- #[Update Discord welcome message](Update%20Discord%20welcome%20message) 
- On hold until after Crowdfund launch
	- #[121 Develop & Publish CXI Bounties](121%20Develop%20&%20Publish%20CXI%20Bounties) 
- Blockers: 
	- Upon completion of Governance mini-review and Discord channel/guides refactor: Update Discord messages and Notion site

#[7 Governance Implementation](7%20Governance%20Implementation) 
- Last Week: 
	- initiated "mini-review" of governance practices
	- shared request for feedback on Discord
- This Week:
	- conduct interviews with contributors
		- set up times with Alex & Rowan
	- formulate specific recommendations for action
	- Remove blocker from refactoring of Guilds (since Guilds do not play a role in Governance)
	- ✅ SUP-169 Activate Discord channel refactor 
- Blocker:
	- sub-task for launch of Governance token shared with #[treasury squad](archive/clarity/Tags/treasury%20squad.md) 

#[resource flow squad](archive/clarity/Tags/resource%20flow%20squad.md) 
- Last week
	- Refine resource flow squad outline
	- Develop first cut design of first expedition for RF
- This week
	- Feedback on design and iteration
	- Kicking off RF channel
	- Syncing up RF plans with map-making work
	- Getting into map-making and typology design
	- ⬜️ SUP-170 Last call for feedback on the ToC 

ToC 
- Last week
	- Compile feedback + iteration
	- Start on landscaping and sense-making design
- This week
	- Finalise ToC and proposal to adopt
	- ✅ SUP-171 Set up new thread and project on landscaping and sense-making design 

#[74 Crowdfund - "Hello World"](74%20Crowdfund%20-%20"Hello%20World") 
- Last week
	- Reflections and revisions
	- [Launch plan developed](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/bb3dfbaa-5e1f-4c9d-8093-ae76366c5e0c) 
- This week
	- Continued revisions based on TOC
	- Copy deck completed

Culture and Communications Squad 
- Last week
	- finalize identity design brief with help from a community member
- This week
	- ✅ SUP-172 Publish call for contributions to identity design project in communication guild 


## Triage Items
### Follow up items from last week
- Flashlight - need help recruiting graphic designers and writers.
	- **ACTION:** Request @flashlight to provide an outline of what he's looking for, something that can be shared; What can we offer people? How much time? Post to Guilds?
- Guilds are guilds. It's all about skillsets.
	- **ACTION:** If there's a skillset your squad needs, ensure it's captured in the roles/guilds here: #[47 Refactor Guilds](47%20Refactor%20Guilds) 
- How do people become a contributor? Bounties are a great way of trying someone out!
	- **ACTION:** Leads to create bounties, post to guilds to invite people in
- Transparency of meetings & chats - @heenal 
	- **ACTION:** Leads to share project updates and documents in the appropriate Discord project channel. A minimum of a weekly update.
- I'm not clear on governance for treasury decisions @Rowan  
	- This process can be discussed later. At this stage we won't have a large treasury.
	- "You can't screw yourself by delaying your token drop"
- Capturing final feedback on ToC
	- **ACTION:** direct feedback to @AlexH by 12/02/22
- Timeline for crowdfund launch - @heenal 
	- Is 22 Feb set in stone? How can we best work together on everything that needs to get done?
		- We'll never be 100% ready
		- Are we ready to honour the invitations?
			- Map-making & resource flow work needs some more thought
		- Let's start to things about what the next goals and projects are
- Remove the Guild blocker - @remarkk 
	- There is nothing in my mini-review findings that relates to Guild structure. The Guilds are not a formal part of our Governance structure. However, we need to clarify who is responsible for engaging Guild members.
- Squad Contributor Roles - @remarkk 
	- We have one formal Squad-specific role (Reflection Practice Coordinator, part of Community Experience).
	- **Preliminary Recommendation:** In our v0 governance setup, Squads have a Lead and a Member role, who work together on projects that are prioritized by the General Circle within our Roadmap. As they grow they may need more defined roles, but at this point in time we have <10 Contributors overall, so simplicity is optimal. Squads may also choose to fill a formal Facilitator or Secretary role to support their work as needed. I propose that we remove any other Squad level roles and not add roles until necessary to support prioritized work.
		- Once we have $SPRB, each Squad Lead would get a budget that they could use for bounties, and could also submit proposals for more funds
- For Transformation Storytelling Fellow given it is like an internship not a staff role at CFC but can be dedicated as a little or as much a needed at SB, does a proposal need to come to GC or bounty? How will this work with $SPRB tokens? Need direction on approach @MBaldwin 
	- ✅ SUP-174 Follow up with Peter to make an introduction to Ayusha 
- Major Decisions for Launch - @remarkk 
	- What pieces in development need a formal approval/consent decision through documented and transparent Proposals?
		- ToC is going to a proposal
		- $SPRB design is going to proposal
- Squad role specs incomplete or need for clarification - @remarkk 
	- [#[operations squad](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/operations%20squad.md)](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/pages/4adc5a52-2d1e-45fd-918d-ada1ce7fd3c0) - @Ryan  @Lewwwk 
	- #[product development squad](archive/clarity/Tags/product%20development%20squad.md) - @Ryan  @Lewwwk 
	- #[treasury squad](archive/clarity/Tags/treasury%20squad.md) and #[resource flow squad](archive/clarity/Tags/resource%20flow%20squad.md) - overlap? - @Lewwwk @Rowan  
	- #[community experience squad](archive/clarity/Tags/community%20experience%20squad.md) and Culture and Communications Squad - overlap? - @MBaldwin @flashlight 
- Bounty Governance - @remarkk 
	- We have one active bounty. How was it created and funded? Who decides?
	- **ACTION:** @Lewwwk and @remarkk to work on a solution for this.
		- ⬜️ SUP-173 Governance & Treasury get together to figure out a process for bounties and budget allocation 

## Checkout


