---
tags:
  - meetings
date: 03-10-2022
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of October 3, 2022
## Attendees
- Heenal, Michael

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?

## Projects
- Project name/link
	- Last week:
	- This week:
	- Blockers:
- #[P-236 Krause House Collaboration](P-236%20Krause%20House%20Collaboration)
	- kick-off meeting with @Alex and @silkeyj: October 4, 2022
	- will setup required projects/transactions as required
- #[P-260 TrustDAO - Child Welfare, Canada](P-260%20TrustDAO%20-%20Child%20Welfare,%20Canada)
	- Meeting next week:  October, 12 2022
	- Michelle at Philanthropic Foundations of Canada conference and talking web3 & DAOs to all who will listen. NorthPine Foundation is here and convos with staff t
- ⬜️ P-263 All In For Sport - Collaboration
- Project name/link: #[proposal sbp11- dao systems transformation repository-library](archive/clarity/Tags/proposal%20sbp11-%20dao%20systems%20transformation%20repository-library.md) 
	- Last week: 
		- Peter Gulkha meeting about collaboration with Indigenous 
		- proposal posted
	- This week:
		- Snapshot vote done Oct 4
		- Set up meeting with core group
		- Meeting about CCS workshop on system transformation 
	- Blockers:

## Triage Items
- What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?
- What might it look like for us to enter into 'consulting' arrangements?
	- Perhaps a grant could be used to kickstart it?
	- Maybe put a bounty to scope out how/why/if SuperBenefit should explore consulting.
- 

## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?

