---
tags:
  - meetings
date: 11-04-2022
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of April 11, 2022
## #[tactical meetings](archive/clarity/Tags/tactical%20meetings.md) Template

## Attendees
- @heenal @Lewwwk @MBaldwin @Rowan  

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?


## Projects
- Project name/link #[222 Proposal for Governance Research Project (Rev1)](222%20Proposal%20for%20Governance%20Research%20Project%20(Rev1)) 
	- Last week: 
		- Met to make plans
		- Nut out structure for the project (as a fractal) 
		- Hone in on where we are going to focus
	- This week:
		- Meeting tomorrow to continue this
		- âœ… SUP-232 Think about writing an article about "entity thinking" 
	- Blockers: Rowan getting covid
- #[Proposal for Contributor Guide](Proposal%20for%20Contributor%20Guide) (Michelle)
	- Last week: 
		- Finished proposal and got feedback
	- This week: 
		- Up on Snapshot, passed 
		- Reached out to seeddisburser and meeting to discuss, interested in connecting [https://enchanted.network/](https://enchanted.network/)  with SuperBenefit
	- Blockers:
- #[229 Develop Bounty for someone to run our Twitter ](229%20Develop%20Bounty%20for%20someone%20to%20run%20our%20Twitter%20) (Michelle)
	- Last week: 
		- Proposal developed and got feedback
		- Fist to five voting active in General Circle Channel
	- This week: 
		- More feedback and post to SB community
	- Blockers:
		- May split up creating guide vs posting, engaging 
- #[community experience squad](archive/clarity/Tags/community%20experience%20squad.md) 
	- Last week: 
		- Met with Ash - connecting into governance research/conversations 
		- Weekly Update
		- Article draft - How web3 could disrupt existing institutions and bring about societal transformation
	- This week: 
		- Weekly Update
		- Heenal meeting with Ash as follow up 
	- Blockers:
- #[223 Proposal 4- Initiate the Governance Conversations project (Rev 1)](223%20Proposal%204-%20Initiate%20the%20Governance%20Conversations%20project%20(Rev%201)) (Heenal)
	- Last week: Proposal put up on Snapshot and passed
	- This week: Meeting with Michelle and Alex to plan out the project 
	- Blockers: None
- #[151 Pre-launch contribution register](151%20Pre-launch%20contribution%20register) 
	- Moving on to #[66 Run contribution recognition event](66%20Run%20contribution%20recognition%20event) this week

## Triage Items
- What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?
	- How do we think about amounts for $SPRB allocations (Rowan)
		- As a rough framing, think of each $SPRB as $1 
		- Try some micro-bounties with smaller amounts. No need to go to Snapshot for these
	- Krause House (Heenal)
		- Heenal go ahead in KH and feel free to use any SB materials
		- Michael leading DIO project, too
	- Discussion about research project
		- #[232 Think about writing an article about "entity thinking" ](232%20Think%20about%20writing%20an%20article%20about%20"entity%20thinking"%20) and associated - the sooner and smaller this is, the better
	- Setting up wallets for projects 
		- The pattern: Project lead spins up a Gnosis multisig wallet on Polygon chain. Then Treasury funds the wallet.
		- Snapshot is optional for each project

## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?

