---
group: general-circle
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2022-02-14
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of February 14, 2022
## Attendees
Present: @AlexH @heenal @Rowan  @Ryan  
Regrets: @Lewwwk @MBaldwin @remarkk 
## Checkin
How are you arriving?
## Checklist
Are you up to date on discord in channels relevant to your role(s)?
- Michael: yes
- Michelle:
- Heenal: yes
- Alex: yes
- Mark: 
- Rowan: Yes
- Ryan: No
- Peter: yes 

Are all task statuses and due dates up to date on Clarity for the projects/tasks that you are holdings?
- Michael: no
- Michelle:
- Heenal: yes
- Rowan: Yes
- Ryan: yes
- Mark: 
- Alex: Yes
- Peter:

## Metrics
What's your capacity for SB in the coming week?
- Michael: as little as possible (family vacation)
- Heenal: 1 day
- Rowan: 1
- Michelle: a little for some posts 
- Alex: 0.5-1.0 day
- Ryan: .5-1 day 

## Projects
#[138 Proposal 3- Create $SPRB ERC20 token for the SuperBenefit DAO [DRAFT](138%20Proposal%203-%20Create%20$SPRB%20ERC20%20token%20for%20the%20SuperBenefit%20DAO%20[DRAFT)] @Lewwwk 
- Last week: 
	- revised allocations to better align with next wave of contributions, partnerships, and treasury diversification (discuss in discord channel #sprb)
	- updated proposal and submitted for comment in discord #proposal-discussion (under Governance section)
- This week:
	- Finalization and submission for vote.

#[74 Crowdfund - "Hello World"](74%20Crowdfund%20-%20"Hello%20World") @Lewwwk 
- Last week:
	- Significant edits to clarify, with particular emphasis on invitations.
- This week:
	- Final editorial passes from Flashlight and AlexH
	- Upon final edits Lewwwk to pre-share with select web3 allies
	- Add 6th invitation to develop SuperBenefit's brand

#[Resource Flow strategy ](Resource%20Flow%20strategy%20) @Rowan  
- Last week:
	- Clarifying RF, Treasury, Governance relationship
	- Developing RF strategy - but holding back for hello world post. 
- Next week
	- Putting up work so far in miro for collaboration and discussion
	- Designing early ask of the community to crowd source possible opportunities 

#[68 Set up Information Systems](68%20Set%20up%20Information%20Systems) - @heenal 
- Last week:
	- #[Update Discord welcome message](Update%20Discord%20welcome%20message) + reviewed onboarding flow
	- Updated [Community Resources page](https://www.notion.so/superbenefit/Community-Resources-7842086e42064061b7d48709c151c93c) - added Crowdfund teaser + Squad page Clarity links
- This week: 
	- #[Weekly Update Feb 22](Weekly%20Update%20Feb%2022) + 1-1 outreach
	- Notion analytics 
	- #[161 Publish "how to setup a wallet" content ](161%20Publish%20"how%20to%20setup%20a%20wallet"%20content%20) 
	- #[164 [BOUNTY](164%20[BOUNTY)
	- #[157 Add mini community survey to Discord welcome message](157%20Add%20mini%20community%20survey%20to%20Discord%20welcome%20message)
		- Might defer the survey in fact, but would still very much like to tweak the Onboarding flow before the crowdfund launch
- Blockers:
	- Need to connect with #[operations squad](archive/clarity/Tags/operations%20squad.md) re Discord flow. 

#[23 Community Experience Project](23%20Community%20Experience%20Project) @MBaldwin 
- Last week: 
	- #[174 Follow up with Peter to make an introduction to Ayusha ](174%20Follow%20up%20with%20Peter%20to%20make%20an%20introduction%20to%20Ayusha%20) 
	- Ayusha onboarding as new Transformation Storytelling Fellow
	- Weekly Update
	- SuperBenefit Townhall (Feb 23) and SuperBenefit AMA (Mar 2) set up events and planning
	- Draft of Discord mini survey when people join 
- This week:
	- Prepare for #[176 SuperBenefit Townhall & Agenda](176%20SuperBenefit%20Townhall%20&%20Agenda) 
	- @heenal to set up mini survey for Discord when people join
	- Weekly Update
	- Reminders about SuperBenefit Townhall and SuperBenefit AMA
- Blockers:
	- Tech support for Townhall (music, recording) - can @Ryan  or Kai help?

#[discovery and sense-making squad](archive/clarity/Tags/discovery%20and%20sense-making%20squad.md) @AlexH 
- Last week
	- Final iteration of ToC 
- This week
	- Prep of various ToC different angles
	- Development of invitation text for map-making
	- Project plan for map#1
- Blockers:
	- Resourcing / reward / incentives options for map#1

Peter
- Last week: working on the intro video to hello world post. @flashlight 
- This week: Script ready this week. 

## Triage Items
How are we using miro? Can we set up our own boards for collaborating in? (Rowan)
- one option: could have 2 boards - 1 GC and 1 "public"/community
- ACTION: We will set up individual private Miro boards for different projects/needs and share them with individual team members as needed

Designer to beautify ToC (Alex)
- Wrap this up in the larger identity design. @flashlight to hold and prioritise the ToC first when a designer is found and engaged 

Possibly talk about discord flow (Heenal)
- We are all on the same page with our confusion!
	- There's a DAO-lemma between transparency and privacy
	- Could make Squads public and Projects private. Or vice versa!
	- Action: We will each mull it over and see if we find any clarity. Find an idea to try and run an experiment.
- Blocker: Finalizing the guilds 
	- Heenal will follow up with @Lewwwk re this blocker and confirm with @remarkk and @Ryan  
- 


## Checkout
