---
group: general-circle
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-09-25
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
## 25/9/23
### Attendees
- @Rowan  @heenal @MBaldwin @Lewwwk @rathermercurial 

### Updates
- Menzies Foundation
	- [Proposal sent to Liz Gillies](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s0o6b46FQsQFEtXHAH_uBg8aJXqexIdPUOzY1l_cNXc/edit#heading=h.r0oytpmule8j)
- #[POW-275 Project Planning - Reimagining Power](POW-275%20Project%20Planning%20-%20Reimagining%20Power) 
	- Reviewing and refining #[Partnership Governance - Reimagining Power](Partnership%20Governance%20-%20Reimagining%20Power)doc
	-  Discussing/Presenting governance to IPRF tomorrow 
	- [Notes from Sept 21](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/422ea92a-404f-41ca-84cd-727d2faf359d)

		- [](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/422ea92a-404f-41ca-84cd-727d2faf359d)**Action Items:**

			- Rowan will post an offer for background conversations around the topic of Governance for those interested.
			- Michelle to reach out to all the potential stakeholders (OTF, EF, RI, AIFS and SB). And invite them to become part of the Stakeholder Group for the project once have an email draft and draft stakeholder governance.
			- @rathermercurial will create a list of possibilities for notifying community weavers of new onboardees. (join, choose role, etc)
		- **Decisions Made:**

			- Decided to have a task to design a task management and compensation framework for the RPP ([https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292))
			- Will request DAO Primitives cell handle the above in cooperation with Reimagining Power
- #[P-261 Windfall - Residential Energy NFT](P-261%20Windfall%20-%20Residential%20Energy%20NFT)
	- This is moving forwards quickly 
- #[P-287 Re-Storying Power Project](P-287%20Re-Storying%20Power%20Project) 
	- Starting by putting together a piece on how we got from SB to systems transformation to RPP
	- Sites of Power session - Oct 10th at 4pm ET - event link [https://discord.com/events/874697948838101092/1154114891129552896](https://discord.com/events/874697948838101092/1154114891129552896) 
- DAO Primitives to steward #[G-294 Internal Coordination Functions](G-294%20Internal%20Coordination%20Functions) for SB 

### Discussion topics
- Review discord and remove unneeded channels (rowan)
	- Potential Structure
		- Welcome (section)
			- reset to minimum flow and what community needs to navigate
		- #community
		- SuperBenefit (section)
			- Proposals
			- Operations
		- Projects (section)
			- RP
			- EEP
			- AIFS?
		- (As required - new sections per project where SB is internally hosting their coordination infrastructure)
	- Channels to remove (I'm thinking we remove just about everything - execept what we add above):
		- proposal-ideas - ?
		- help-wanted - ?
		- help-desk - ?
		- systems transformation
		- discovery-and-sensemaking
		- Governance-research 
		- governance-conversations
		- Ideas-chat
		- New-to-web3
		- 
- Plan for tomorrows governance session (rowan)
- OTF agreement - signing partners
	- Heenal and Michelle to follow up with Tracey
	- Michelle to track funding to date for project in documents

### Triage