---
group: general-circle
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2022-07-11
publish: false
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of July 11, 2022
#tactical meetings 

## Attendees
- Ayusha, Heenal, Michael, Michelle, Rowan

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?


## Projects
- Project name/link: #governance conversations 
	- Last week:
		- @AlexH writing wrap up reflection
	- This week:
		- Governance Convos wrap up meeting [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cpysnkcr8lBLu4dkg_oENsZ-doFXTLuJtpE_gMp6ISI/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cpysnkcr8lBLu4dkg_oENsZ-doFXTLuJtpE_gMp6ISI/edit) 
		- Plan for $SPRB allocation for speakers
	- Blockers:
- Project name/link: #[P-193 Community Experience- Revolution 1](P-193%20Community%20Experience-%20Revolution%201) 
	- Last week: 
		- "Weekly" Update
		- Follow up with community about token distribution through DM
		- 2 coffee chats with no attendees :)
		- DAO & Nature Comparisons - scripts 
		- Impact DAOs & Northpine Foundation with @Lewwwk & @MBaldwin July 6 & 8- looped in @Rowan  [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sw5LkKKcKDzK9uUcrHe9RVTWZ1WkfukXGzNYvoVvyDY/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sw5LkKKcKDzK9uUcrHe9RVTWZ1WkfukXGzNYvoVvyDY/edit) 
			- Next step pitched $1M unrestricted to the community to allocate based on a governance they design. we could support that design to start.Â 
	- This week:
		- Catalyst Onboarding - Wed July 13, 13 people
		- $SPRB token distribution Governance Convos, Contributor Guide, Early Contributors 
	- Blockers:
- Project name/link: #[SUP-257 Proposal SBP8- DAO Primitive Project](SUP-257%20Proposal%20SBP8-%20DAO%20Primitive%20Project)
	- Last week 
		- proposal passed
		- Research underway
		- Primitive model progressing
		- Conversation with Michael about Incubation - north pine
	- This week
		- Research
		- Next article 
-  #[SUP-246 [BOUNTY](SUP-246%20[BOUNTY)
	- Last week
		- Got contributors' wallet addresses 
	- This week:
		- Distribute tokens
		- Meet with Michelle to review token distributions for other projects

## Triage Items
- What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?
	- Communications still would be helpful - MB
		- narrative on mission rather than promotion, translate work back into narrative, keep linkage alive
	- Confirm that it's ok to distribute tokens without Treasury input (Heenal)
	- Recurring events in Discord, how to do it
	- Clarity public bases - would we be interested in this?
	- Systems focus not impact focus  - abandon comfort, entity, philanthropic thinking 
		- scale and how can impact connection, culture, conflict

## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?
