---
group: general-circle
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2022-05-09
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of May 9, 2022
#[tactical meetings](archive/clarity/Tags/tactical%20meetings.md) Template

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?
	- Mad, glad, sad, afraid - I'm in - welcome

## Projects
- Project name/link
	- Last week:
	- This week:
	- Blockers:
- Project name/link #[222 Proposal for Governance Research Project (Rev1)](222%20Proposal%20for%20Governance%20Research%20Project%20(Rev1)) (Rowan)
	- Last week: 
		- Ananth (naan) joining
		- Some good engagement with first post
		- Evolving DAO-Cell model + incubation
	- This week:
		- Next 2 posts in development 
		- Research progressing
		- Ash keen to join the team meeting this or next week
		- Steve Wardell keen to join too 
		- Try to line up new people to join at that same time. 
	- Blockers:


#[249 Coordinape Allocation Reflection](249%20Coordinape%20Allocation%20Reflection) 
- Done. While the process was cumbersome, the result seems reasonable and I suspect that with familiarity it will be easier to use and broadly useful
- [ ] Lewwwk to post amendment options in general-circle

#[Krause House Collaboration](Krause%20House%20Collaboration) 
- Should propose in SuperBenefit and then up to KH snapshot
- Lewwwk to draft (unless someone wants to collab on it)

Project name/link: #[209 Proposal for Contributor Guide](209%20Proposal%20for%20Contributor%20Guide) 
- Last week: Outline completed 
- This week: 
	- Fill in the sections 
	- Flesh out expectations more fully
- Blockers: 


Project name/link: #[233 [BOUNTY](233%20[BOUNTY) 
- Last week: CuriousAth getting started
- This week: Michelle to check in with CuriousAth
- Blockers: 
- 

Project name/link: #[193 Community Experience- Revolution 1](193%20Community%20Experience-%20Revolution%201) 
- Last week: 
	- Weekly Update
	- Today decolonizing web3 chat, need follow up about possible next steps
- This week: 
	- Weekly Update
	- Townhall planning
	- Post on Mirror - How Web3 could disrupt existing institutions and bring about societal transformation
- Blockers:

#[196 Information Squad- Revolution 1](196%20Information%20Squad-%20Revolution%201)  (Heenal)
- Last week:
	- Added more  people to contributor ("PC") role in Discord
	- Revised Community Resources site
- This week:
	- Tighten up project descriptions on Community Resources site
	- Tidy up Clarity
- Blockers: 

#[246 [BOUNTY](246%20[BOUNTY) (Heenal)
- Last week: Shared bounty in Discord
- This week: Share bounty some more
- Blockers: Not sure how to find someone to take this on. Any suggestions?

#[223 Proposal 4- Initiate the Governance Conversations project (Rev 1)](223%20Proposal%204-%20Initiate%20the%20Governance%20Conversations%20project%20(Rev%201)) (Heenal)
- Last week: Drafted invitation (thanks, Michelle!). Pushed dates back a week
- This week: Send out invitations
- Blockers: Team clarity over specificity of invitations


## Triage Items
- What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?
	- Discuss governance structure as per Heenal's discord post
	- Invitations for governance conversations (lewwwk had a question in Discord)
		- [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cpysnkcr8lBLu4dkg_oENsZ-doFXTLuJtpE_gMp6ISI/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cpysnkcr8lBLu4dkg_oENsZ-doFXTLuJtpE_gMp6ISI/edit#) 
		- Yep - just want to make sure i frame the topics for each:
			- gabagool - metagovernance risks and possibilities?
			- stef - dao2dao
			- chase - old & new
	- Townhall in June?
	- 



## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?



![image.png](197991f1-67bb-4bf9-8cf0-0c4e02d41562.png)
![image.png](a92467e8-8125-486a-9fe8-8d96fa3cc814.png)