---
group: general-circle
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-11-06
publish: false
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
## Attendees
- @Lewwwk @Rowan  @rathermercurial @MBaldwin @heenal 
- **Regrets:** 

## Updates 
- #[P-267 Initial Planning - Reimagining Power](P-267%20Initial%20Planning%20-%20Reimagining%20Power)
	- OTF Funding - Incremental progress
	- Stakeholder meeting booked for Nov 20th - planning in progress
	- [Climate Blog](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oOYPMHP2jUO-ig3YyL9vTV5Q8Eqsiqjk2mx-pfOjVDE/edit) - Heenal finally finishing today
		- Please share input then Heenal will publish on Mirror this week
	- Menzies Foundation - Nov 13 meeting as follow up to proposal
		- See notes and email thread [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/88344750-6c9f-4ece-9b4f-ffe0cb0a34a4](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/88344750-6c9f-4ece-9b4f-ffe0cb0a34a4) 


	- Charmverse gates setup - GC has admin access. Should be ready for content import.
 [https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit) 

- #[P-257 DAO Primitives Framework](P-257%20DAO%20Primitives%20Framework)
	- 
- #[P-261 Windfall - Residential Energy NFT](P-261%20Windfall%20-%20Residential%20Energy%20NFT)
	- Expecting first payment this week.
	- Stakeholder engagement beginning in next couple of weeks
	- Introductory blog post - targeting end of next week
- #community experience squad 
	- Welcoming new folks - let's make sure we are collaborating

## Discussion topics
- Windfall - ok to mention this (very high level) in the crypto & climate article?
	- ML will review the draft article
- Rev 1 - initial allocation proposal (passed).
	- Polygon. ML allocate to main multisig. Queue up coordinape.
- Bridging infra for normie institutions into decentralized vehicles (ML)
	- what entity structure to onboard fiat to crypto for institutions, globally accepted way for initiatives we support
- Menzies Foundation - Nov 13 meeting as follow up to proposal (Michelle)
	- discuss offline and bring back to GC next week
- For mulit-sig transactions, please provide context in description and reference the authorization for the transaction.
	- do I need to sign this last one getting reminders for even though says 4/4
- (Rowan) Time change for meeting?
	- coordinate with WREEP team to potentially move that meeting
- OpenCivics grant invitation
	- [https://opencivics.co/grants/](https://opencivics.co/grants/) 
	- [Membership Application Info](https://opencivics.notion.site/About-Membership-c66d4b59c95945f8a09ee80d19cecea5)
	- [Grant Application](https://go.opencivics.co/genesisroundapplication)
