---
group: general-circle
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2022-03-28
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of March 28, 2022
## Attendees
@Lewwwk @Ryan  @MBaldwin @Rowan  @heenal 
## Checkin
How are you arriving?
## Active Proposals
Opportunity for proponents to share and get feedback on active proposals.
#[222 Proposal for Governance Research Project (Rev1)](222%20Proposal%20for%20Governance%20Research%20Project%20(Rev1)) 
#[Proposal 4- Initiate the Governance Conversations project (Rev 1)](Proposal%204-%20Initiate%20the%20Governance%20Conversations%20project%20(Rev%201)) 
## Active Projects
#[151 Pre-launch contribution register](151%20Pre-launch%20contribution%20register) 
- Pending updates by @Ryan  @flashlight @remarkk @heenal 
- Once complete will initiate a #[46 Contribution recognition and rewards event](46%20Contribution%20recognition%20and%20rewards%20event)

#[Intervention 1- Mapping pathways to the future](Intervention%201-%20Mapping%20pathways%20to%20the%20future) 
- OCAD team is engaging in the OCAD thread in `ideas-chat `they are looking for guidance, up to us on how to engage.
- Potential service opportunity: theory of change development for Krause House

#[Intervention 3- Creating a Soul-Bound Portal to a Better Future](Intervention%203-%20Creating%20a%20Soul-Bound%20Portal%20to%20a%20Better%20Future) 
- Lewwwk exploring network infrastructure based on FWB plans to open-source their membership interface, and related conversation with Krause House and OnDeck. May draft a figjam model of it.  Lmk if you want to help out. If there's interest outside SB might be time to spin up a proposal.

#[[Intervention 4- A Metacurrency for Metagovernance, Values and Acceleration
]]
- Lewwwk to draft a new figjam model to align components and start sharing. If there's interest, maybe spin up a budget proposal? Lmk if you want to help out.

#[](227%20Project%20-%20governance%20design%20experiment%20#1) (Rowan)
- Overview of fractal governance design thinking - notes are in miro - [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/) 

#[Proposal for Contributor Guide](Proposal%20for%20Contributor%20Guide) (Michelle)
- Working on a proposal for a contribution guide for SuperBenefit with the support of Caryn Tan at Clarity that would both be of service to SB and would be open-sourced as a contribution to the ecosystem

#[4 l's retrospective](archive/clarity/Tags/4%20l's%20retrospective.md) (Heenal)
- offering this exercise for GC members to complete asynchronously




## Tensions
## Other
Lewwwk: might be time to setup a core Rev1 budget. Thinking maybe 10k SPRB a month to be coordinaped among GC members. This would cover ongoing activities that fall outside of defined projects. Would like to discuss.
Yay Peter glad you are back and healthy - checking in about teaser video and any work for Ayusha. One idea was to have her capture the origin story (interview Michael and GC) but not sure if a priority 
Peter: being a roadblock
Thinking about keeping the lights on individually. Investment opportunities/possibilities (rowan)

## Checkout
What else do you need in order to feel heard or complete for this call?