---
group: general-circle
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-10-30
publish: false
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# 10/30/23
## Attendees
- @Lewwwk @MBaldwin @Rowan  @rathermercurial @heenal 
- **Regrets:** 

## Updates 
- #[P-257 DAO Primitives Framework](P-257%20DAO%20Primitives%20Framework)
	- Tidying things up. Article under development.
	- rather created a [test workstream]([https://fux.gg/workstream/21/](https://fux.gg/workstream/21/)) for [Fux Protocol]([https://fux.gg/](https://fux.gg/)). Potentially useful for tracking time commitments, in-kind contributions and peer attestations (like coordinape, but easier). [Here are the docs]([https://docs.fux.gg/](https://docs.fux.gg/)). - see message [https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1130964280670421083/1168331374130888795](https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1130964280670421083/1168331374130888795)  
- #[P-267 Initial Planning - Reimagining Power](P-267%20Initial%20Planning%20-%20Reimagining%20Power)
	-  Nothing further from OTF - "in progress"
	- Everyone is invited to [contribute to the discussion](https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1130964280670421083/1164925761577308220) on "What inequities and financial/coordination bottlenecks are currently visible in the NFP/Philanthropy space? Which are a priority for key stakeholders and their peers?"
	- Stakeholder meeting booked for Nov 20th - planning in progress
	- Climate Blog - Heenal to finish up Nov 6
		- Mirror 
		- Michelle to amplify - Discord, Twitter, Partners - other ideas?
	- Menzies Foundation - Nov 13 meeting as follow up to proposal
- #[P-261 Windfall - Residential Energy NFT](P-261%20Windfall%20-%20Residential%20Energy%20NFT)
	- Tonight: signing NDA, scope approved, and issuing invoice
- #community experience squad 
	- [Discussing Pace & Information Asymmetry meeting](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/discussing-pace-information-superbenefit-1810674152890046) - rather organized a convo 
	- MB follow up @moreReese for one to one
	- Michelle doing Nov 24 presentation to Innovation Theatre to European social innovation orgs on Shaping Emerging Technologies for Better Futures: The role of social innovation and philanthropy

## Discussion topics
- Clarity is winding down. Need alternatives and migration plan for task management + community docs:
	- Setting up Charmverse for simple community info mgmt
- Rev 1 - initial allocation proposal
- Bridging infra for normie institutions into decentralized vehicles (ML)
	- what entity structure to onboard fiat to crypto for institutions, globally accepted way for initiatives we support
- Rev 2 needed updates
	- Identifying membership cohorts: witness; supporter; contributor.
		- eg witness, sponsor/supporters, contributors
	- Chain migration possibilities
		- We have assets spread across mainnet, polygon & optimism
		- Would be nice to consolidate assets onto Optimism
		- We could Airdrop a v2 SPRB token to all holders
