---
group: general-circle
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-08-28
publish: false
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# **Date 28 Aug 2023**
- ## Attendees:
	- @Rowan  @heenal @rathermercurial @Lewwwk @MBaldwin @Aditi 
- ## Updates
	- #[P-261 Windfall - Residential Energy NFT](P-261%20Windfall%20-%20Residential%20Energy%20NFT) 
		- Meeting with block science Wednesday to discuss proposal for lite paper and protocol design support. 
		- Kick off cell meeting - 
	- #[P-267 Initial Planning - Reimagining Power](P-267%20Initial%20Planning%20-%20Reimagining%20Power) 
		- Making progress. The rubber hits the road on much of our theoretical designs! What does it mean to have a collaborative team?
		- Meeting with OTF Friday Aug 25 and confirmed should hear early this week ðŸ¤ž
	- #[P-264 Systems Transformation Project](P-264%20Systems%20Transformation%20Project) 
		- Reflection call wrap up Aug 22 - captured in [figjam board](https://www.figma.com/file/uY3nFt3lRZC8q7XfVKG2Xi/System-Transformation-Project?type=whiteboard&node-id=114-15)
		- Some learnings around clarity of who is the core team vs people coming into conversations but not taking on operational roles
		- Having a variety of media for people to access could be helpful. Figjam, Notion, etc are not accessible to some. Concern of not showing just one viewpoint of the person summarizing the info!
		- There is something in the transformational intentions and practices that resonates
			- 1) Transformation Intentions: 
a) Purpose, 
b) Equity & Sovereignty, 
c)  Scope & Scale and 
2) Transformation Practices: 
d) Innovation, 
e) Governance and 
f) Economic & Financial.
			- Rather has been doing some cleaning on Clarity to ensure that docs with valuable insights can easily be found and will incorporate this. Is tidying up tag pages. There are some terms we use that aren't well defined; everyone can add their 
			- 
	- #[P-193 Community Experience- Revolution 1](P-193%20Community%20Experience-%20Revolution%201)
		- How could we capture the learnings and story of SuperBenefit and Reimagining Power?
			- Someone could go through Discord and note the highlights and decisions and how thinking has evolved
			- Maybe we could revisit the #superbenefit contributor guide - v1and incirporate some storytelling  
			- Maybe we could capture audio from (non confidential) GC & Cell meetings and transcribe them and summarize/analyze the summaries
	- Bankers without Boundaries
		- Looking for a European partner
	- #all in for sport 
		- Meeting with Indigenous People's Resilience Fund (Bruce Miller & Joe Plant) and keen to learn about community governance - next step meeting with governance cell/follow up with Telegram/Discord links
			- Q: How to explain "community governance"?
				- How is nature and indigenous wisdom the foundation of this
			- Rather is creating a space to explain terms..... If there are any other priority terms to define, let him know!
				- concepts = clarity tags
		- Fentwood Hoops crowdfund planned for last week postponed; Philippines project planned for September
	-  
- ## Discussion Topics:
	- Meeting Liz Gillies, Menzies Foundation - meeting approach
- ## Triage
	- 
