---
group: general-circle
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2022-05-23
publish: false
---
#[index](docs/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of May 23, 2022
#tactical meetings Template

## Attendees
- 

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?

## Projects
- Project name/link - #[239 Governance research project (Rev 1) DAO-Cell founding doc](239%20Governance%20research%20project%20(Rev%201)%20DAO-Cell%20founding%20doc)  (Rowan)
	- Last week:
		- Post 2 almost done
		- Updates from team meeting
		- Updates on token allocation ideas
		- Incubator ideas - football.xyz
	- This week:
	- Blockers:
- Project name/link - #superbenefit contributor guide - working draft 
	- Last week: 
		- Added some content and questions
	- This week:
		- Meeting with contributor guide team, set deadline
	- Blockers:
		- Set a deadline
- #governance conversations 
	- Last week: 
		- Confirmed panellists for Conversation 1
		- Started tweeting & sharing in Discord servers
	- This week:
		- Promote Conversation 1
		- Secure panellists for Conversations 2 & 3
	- Blockers:
- Project name/link - #superbenefit contributor guide - working draft#[233 [BOUNTY](233%20[BOUNTY)  
	- Last week: 
		- Feedback given 
	- This week:
		- Curious.ath will add sample tweets
	- Blockers:
		- Set a deadline
- [https://www.icloud.com/keynote/009VvwQL7V41K0_aVi6cHc8jA#SB_-_Catalyst_2030](https://www.icloud.com/keynote/009VvwQL7V41K0_aVi6cHc8jA#SB_-_Catalyst_2030) 
- Project name/link - #[193 Community Experience- Revolution 1](193%20Community%20Experience-%20Revolution%201) 
	- Last week: 
		- Institute for Community Prosperity - Mt Royal webinar for Social Impact Technology presentation
		- Presentation to Working Group 11 - Next Economies Innovation - Business Structure [https://www.icloud.com/keynote/009VvwQL7V41K0_aVi6cHc8jA#SB_-_Catalyst_2030](https://www.icloud.com/keynote/009VvwQL7V41K0_aVi6cHc8jA#SB_-_Catalyst_2030) 
			- Next Step new channel in SB Discord created for 5 new members
	- This week:
		- Follow up to set up onboarding/meeting 
	- Blockers:
		- 

## Triage Items
- What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?
	- Token allocation to SB contributors (Rowan) - 
		- Working doc: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fR1hbIk-N8nLlU7dYPVYyxN3ecQSZEjFETRs08OXRLI/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fR1hbIk-N8nLlU7dYPVYyxN3ecQSZEjFETRs08OXRLI/edit#) 
		- We want to make sure that we are rewarding people who were there early and supportive even if they didn't make a big contribution
		- Agreed to have ASH write up the distribution categories and the average contribution people made and then we can have a discord thread to agree on an amount to reward each of the groups. 
	- Token wallets - please have a look - Any questions (Rowan)
	- What is the WG11business...
	- Governance structure conversation (Rowan)
		- Heenal & Rowan to meet to prune/update #superbenefit governance doc
	- [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ShkU4lmrOHnffcFQE3bcKPU6L9NdPoYQAC9sRMK0mT8/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ShkU4lmrOHnffcFQE3bcKPU6L9NdPoYQAC9sRMK0mT8/edit?usp=sharing) 

## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?

