#[townhall](archive/clarity/Tags/townhall.md) #[drafts/sb-clarity/Tags/reflection](drafts/sb-clarity/Tags/reflection) #[events](archive/clarity/Tags/events.md) 
# Event Planning - SuperBenefit Town Hall
This note has been deprecated. Go here instead: [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/pages/3feb07f2-0243-48d4-b893-c78ec274ccd5](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/pages/3feb07f2-0243-48d4-b893-c78ec274ccd5)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Event Posting:**
SuperBenefit Town Hall
This is our first SuperBenefit gathering of the year to set a course for our future together.  
- Purpose:
	- To engage existing community into SB and set tone for culture and experience
	- To get SB community up to speed and set a tone of transparency and inclusiveness
	- To create excitement and harness the skills from the existing community into guilds
- 
**Agenda**
1. Welcome & Opening Circle 
	- Opening & Land Acknowledgment (Michelle)
	- Breakout - Get to Know One Another (groups of 6) - who you are , where you are from, what do you think is possible with SB this year
	- Meditation/Reflective Practice (Daniel)
- 2. Purpose, Mission, & Values (Michael )
	- Use Miro? (show how organized)
- 3. Culture & Governance (Mark) - Focus on the STRUCTURE (Use Miro to explain it) **HOW BEST TO PRESENT THIS?**
- 4. Connect & Share (Breakouts) - Guiding Q's - **LET'S DISCUSS THE QUESTIONS**
- 5. What's Next: NFT project & Treasury (???) & Choose Your Guild (use Miro) - **MAYBE NFT PROJECT SHOULD BE BEFORE THE BREAKOUTS. LET'S DISCUSS. LET'S ASSIGN TIMINGS TO EACH AGENDA ITEM, TOO.**
- 6. Closing Circle - (guiding question/word/feeling) - (Heenal) **MAKE SURE WE HARVEST THIS**



Who: All SuperBenefit community members
Where: Go to the cafe voice channel in Discord
When: Tuesday January 11th at 5pm
Facilitators: Community Hosting & Onboarding Squad (Heenal Rajani, Mark Kuznicki , Michelle Baldwin)
Promotions Plan:
- Posted in upcoming events
- Posted in announcements Dec 20
- Email Dec 21 
- Posted in announcements Jan 5
- Posted Jan 10 

Engagement Tools:
- Intro Music - **LET'S DISCUSS**
- Opening art form and/or reflection moment (Heenal)
- Presentation for Governance Structure and Process (Mark)
- Project Updates from each Squad (Weekly Update completed by Jan 6 week before and sent out Jan 11)
- Chatting Channel: Discord Text
- Notes to Share: **YES!**
	- What work will be of most value to the DAO? 
	- How can I be of most service?
	- Everything in the "what the DAO needs" circle is valuable



Questions:
- Are we recording this? How, for whom/what, how are we sharing?
- What/who to use for intro/outro music. Ask for help.
- How best to harvest the Town Hall?
- What guiding questions to use?
- How to present governance and ethos in an engaging way
- How to get people excited about SB and the NFT drop and want to get involved right away
- How to make it feel like a safe space where everyone's contributions are welcome


Info to reference
- [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-L5XD0f87hClU_Lfkasy0P9ytORpLuSYbOVZmMuNrA4/edit#heading=h.n4t863c3m58k](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-L5XD0f87hClU_Lfkasy0P9ytORpLuSYbOVZmMuNrA4/edit#heading=h.n4t863c3m58k) 
