---
group: general-circle
publish: false
---

hosting mission+values #community experience squad 
# Hosting Overview
**Onboarding Intro**
Some of this is because of the emerging nature of the technology we're working with, some of it is a consequence of finding a way together (in a virtual environment), and some of it relates to trying out new norms and practices that reflect the direction of where we want to go, not where we've come from. 

While not in any way prescriptive, here are a few navigation principles that are indicative of how people are finding their feet around here, and contributing to the development of SuperBenefit. 

- If you're choosing to be part of SuperBenefit, you're choosing to be part of an experiment with a direction - a better future.
- There's lots of unknowns and new relationships to navigate. Humility is our friend in this wilderness.
- To get anywhere, we'll need to move quickly - this will require probing what might be, seeing how ideas play out, and then changing and adapting as we go. So, we'll need to hold everything lightly.
- Nothing is permanent. Let's aim for what's good for now, as long as we avoid any unhelpful path dependencies.
- We rely on people being proactive. If you see a need, call it out and act on it. 
- Enquiry is orientation. How might we? How could we? Why would we? How will we?
- 'It's like a finger pointing away to the moon. Don't concentrate on the finger or you will miss all that heavenly glory.'  Despite all the bells and whistles, let's stay concentrated on the big idea and real world transformation. (edited)


# Next Engagements
## Weekly Welcome Party
## SuperBenefit Townhall - January 
5pm
Wednesday January 12
### Agenda
- Welcome & Opening Circle 
- Connect with SuperHeroes (aka SuperBenefit community members)
- Share, Discuss & Approval of initial Governance Structure & Processes
- Project Updates from Each SuperSquad
- Choose SuperSquad to share your SuperPowers
- Update on Treasury
- Closing Circle 

This is our first SuperBenefit gathering of the year to set a course for our adventure together. Just by being part of this community each of us is a SuperHero and come share your SuperPowers for the benefit of a better future for all. 
Agenda
- Welcome & Opening Circle 
- Connect with SuperHeroes (aka SuperBenefit community members)
- Share, Discuss & Approval of initial Governance Structure & Processes
- Project Updates from Each SuperSquad
- Choose SuperSquad to share your SuperPowers
- Update on Treasury
- Closing Circle
WHERE: Go to the **cafe** voice channel in Discord (right at the bottom of the list)
## Takeaway Tour - includes web3 resources
## Add  Learning 101 channel on Discord with key web3 resources, borrow from Forefront and link to web3 resources in Notion
## Create an image that captures a timeline of the learning journey and project 

Past Engagement:
[Discord Tours](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MJd4HJlWV8_CXCw3Q4OTLR_yrpc3Nywfc2pgLrLwy_c/edit?pli=1#) - as part of Welcome Tour
SuperBenefit Virtual Party - offered two and will shift to Welcome Party

Possible Future Engagement:
Web3 Adventure Tours - members share what is capturing their attention, what DAOs, NFT projects, resources they are connecting with
Peer Groups ( up to 6 people)
Mentors?

# SuperBenefit Theme
- SuperHeroes
- SuperPowers
- Origin Stories
- SuperSquads
- Adventure
- Mission
- Strength


## Resources
- DAO Mission Culture & Values  - Forefront - Caroline Nguyen [https://twitter.com/i/spaces/1yoKMWgnMNDJQ](https://twitter.com/i/spaces/1yoKMWgnMNDJQ) 
- Community Design: Town Halls & Event Planning [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-L5XD0f87hClU_Lfkasy0P9ytORpLuSYbOVZmMuNrA4/edit#heading=h.n4t863c3m58k](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-L5XD0f87hClU_Lfkasy0P9ytORpLuSYbOVZmMuNrA4/edit#heading=h.n4t863c3m58k) 
- Culture of Gardeners [https://twitter.com/beh_zod/status/1469418117986017285](https://twitter.com/beh_zod/status/1469418117986017285) "t also means that one of the most important roles in an organization is a “cultural gardener” who not only plants the seeds of good behaviors, but regularly prunes the garden for unwanted ones. "
- Organizations as Ecosystems [https://behzod.com/oae](https://behzod.com/oae) 
- The Importance of Cultural Gardening [https://behzod.com/organizations-as-ecosystems/the-importance-of-cultural-gardening](https://behzod.com/organizations-as-ecosystems/the-importance-of-cultural-gardening) 


Announcement

