---
group: general-circle
---

#[superbenefit governance](archive/clarity/Tags/superbenefit%20governance.md) #[roles](data/concepts/roles.md) #[roleadviceprocess](archive/clarity/Tags/roleadviceprocess.md) #[184 Publish Role Advice Process](184%20Publish%20Role%20Advice%20Process) 

# #RoleAdviceProcess 




The Role Advice Process is used to help SuperBenefit Contributors align what they are great at and what they love with what SuperBenefit needs to pursue its purpose as it evolves.
## Possible Outcomes of Role Advice Process
As a result of undertaking the Role Advice Process, Contributors may choose to take any number of actions:
- Propose Governance changes to a Role they are filling and/or request the Circle Lead to fill them to a different role
- Create a coaching plan to improve their fit to Role(s) they are filling
- Change the arrangement of their contributions or relationship with SuperBenefit, or resign from roles in order to pursue their best work outside SuperBenefit

## Role Advice Process ("RAP")
### Step 1: Embark on a RAP 
The process begins with an individual’s desire for input into the design of their role(s). Sometimes it’s prompted by the individual themselves. Other times, a colleague may suggest the individual initiate a RAP because they have noticed a significant problem or opportunity.
### [/n](https://sites.google.com/themoment.is/employee-handbook/structures-that-help-us/role-advice-process-rap?authuser=0#h.rr2tsdt9ggfg)Step 2: Announce the Start of a RAP
The individual declares to the team they are starting a RAP. A simple announcement to the team as an Action in a Tactical meeting or a posting on Discord kicks off the process. The message includes who will be consulted, an open invitation for any team members to contribute advice and the date the individual plans to present the results. (Sharing results within one month is recommended.)
### [/n](https://sites.google.com/themoment.is/employee-handbook/structures-that-help-us/role-advice-process-rap?authuser=0#h.ocvve9nd1rmz)Step 3: Invest Time Self-Reflecting
The individual answers the following questions:
- Why am I doing this advice process? What led to this?
- What are my strengths, talents and interests? Where are they best put to use?
- What contribution am I currently making to the team? What’s working well? What could be better?
- Could I increase my impact by shifting or changing my role? In what ways, specifically? What could be gained? What could be lost? Who would assume current duties I’d like to hand off?
- How do I feel about this potential change? What am I worried about? Excited about? What are the pros and cons?

### Step 4: Seek Advice from Others
The individual presents their self-reflection and seeks advice from at least three team members. Advice comes from those who receive a personal request as well as anyone who self-selects into the process following the initial announcement. This allows for contributions from any team member who believes they may have valuable input or may be impacted. The questions in step three can serve as good discussion starters.
### [/n](https://sites.google.com/themoment.is/employee-handbook/structures-that-help-us/role-advice-process-rap?authuser=0#h.q2xqi4tw02t6)Step 5: Make a Decision
Decision time. Taking all information into consideration, the individual decides what they think should happen next. This could include changing roles, altering the current role or even leaving the organization.
### [/n](https://sites.google.com/themoment.is/employee-handbook/structures-that-help-us/role-advice-process-rap?authuser=0#h.c5dqanx503me)Step 6: Present Results
The individual shares the results of the process with his or her team by creating a summary document. The communication should include their personal reflections, advice received, thought process, decision, reasoning for the decision and transition plan.
### [/n](https://sites.google.com/themoment.is/employee-handbook/structures-that-help-us/role-advice-process-rap?authuser=0#h.1hl8s7xgoidm)Step 7: Take Action
In a fully self-managed organization, the final step is to execute on the transition plan. No further approvals are required. The individual driving the change is responsible for ensuring a smooth transition with his or her colleagues. Any significant changes in responsibility or compensation need to be documented before the change can take place. Compensation changes may require additional steps.
