#[community experience squad](archive/clarity/Tags/community%20experience%20squad.md) #[member experience](archive/clarity/Tags/member%20experience.md) 
## 30 Member Experience questions to consider
In Web3, Member Experience (MX) is as important as User Experience (UX). ([Source](https://twitter.com/kashdhanda/status/1462374353459310592))

Here are 30 questions for builders to consider as they design the MX for their DAOs: 

- What is your DAO's value proposition to members? 
- What key messages need to be delivered during onboarding?
- How will you keep engagement high after the initial 2 week honeymoon period?
- How can you personalise the new member's experience
- What language is specific to your DAO (e.g. roles, guilds, etc)?
- What expectations will new joiners have? How will you meet/exceed those expectations?
- How can you make your DAO more accessible to those with little Web3 experience?
- Why would someone join your DAO vs. any other?
- What is your DAO’s narrative? How is it communicated?
- What learning goals will your DAO help people accomplish?
- How are you taming the firehose of information for members?
- How will members meet each other?
- How will you create community wins for all members to take pride in?
- How are you building trust between members?
- How will you collect feedback from members?
- What are your DAO's rituals?
- How are you enabling members to express their individuality?
- How can you give your DAO a human face?
- How are you making members feel important and valued?
- How will you combat members disappointment?
- What does a new joiner need to do before they can contribute effectively?
- How can you make contribution effortless?
- What DAO goals should the members keep in mind at all times?
- How do you accommodate people with different levels of time commitment?
- How can members signal their skills to the DAO?
- How are you communicating the DAO’s needs to members?
- What mistakes might members make? How will you detect and prevent them?
- What “wait times” are present in your DAO that members should know about?
- How will members be rewarded, financially?
- How will members be rewarded, non-financially?
- Having clearly articulated answers to these 30 questions will be a competitive advantage for DAOs going forward. 
