#[storytelling](archive/clarity/Tags/storytelling.md) 
People want to know
- What is SuperBenefit?
- Where did it come from? <-- We don't currently speak to this
- Where is it going?
- Who are these people?
- Why does this matter? Why should I join?
- How do I get involved?
- What are those in SB learning and unlearning?

## Things to think about
- web3 projects tend to place more emphasis on the roadmap than the history. how can we find the correct balance?
- what is the public record of SB that will remain?
	- tweets
	- mirror
	- podcasts (?)
	- reddit (?)
	- SB website
	- articles on other websites/platforms (?)
	- what else?
- which private data might we want to capture as part of the history of SB?
	- messages in Discord (SB server and also DMs)
	- emails inviting people to SB (and their responses)
	- notes from early video calls
	- Miro board
	- tweets and DMs, twitter chats
	- interviews with General Circle leads
- what other artifacts might we intentionally want to create using the data?
	- Timeline 
	- Long-form article or interview (single or series)
	- Poetic harvest
	- Podcast
	- Video
	- Graphic Recording
	- Zine
- where will these artifiacts live
	- SB website
	- anywhere else?
- what is the wise timing for this?
	- it would be nice to have "something" on the website before the crowdfund launch. what is doable in that timeframe?
	- idea: release an artifact after each Revolution
- Resources for Storytelling
	- Transformation Storytelling Fellow via MB
		- 3 people over the course of 2022: each 20 hours per week for 6 months. Hopefully they would focus on SB solely.
	- Reflective Practice Framework
	- "Collective Story Harvest" process from Art of Hosting
- Where we are at:
	- There's some overlap with launch plan over next 2-3 weeks. Peter working session with Mike tonight and will discuss. Where SB came from, where it is, where it's going. Should have a good script for that by the end of weekend.
	- Do we require a stand-alone artifact at this point? We already have a lot of assets to produce for the crowdfund launch
		- Maybe just a paragraph
		- ⬜️ SUP-143 Connect with @lewwwk to capture the SB genesis story 
