---
group: general-circle
publish: false
---

town 
# SuperBenefit Townhall 11 January 2022

## Event info



- Who: All SuperBenefit community members
- Where: Go to the cafe voice channel in Discord
- When: Tuesday January 11th at 5pm
- Facilitators: Community Hosting & Onboarding Squad (Heenal Rajani, Mark Kuznicki , Michelle Baldwin)
## Event Posting
- SuperBenefit Town Hall
- This is our first SuperBenefit gathering of the year to set a course for our future together.  
	- Purpose:
		- To engage existing community into SB and set tone for culture and experience
		- To get SB community up to speed and set a tone of transparency and inclusiveness
		- To create excitement and harness the skills from the existing community into guilds

##  FINAL Agenda
- ***MUSIC as people arrive - Future Classic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUn8bXgALGA 
- 1. Welcome & Opening Circle - 5:05 to 5:15
	- Opening & Land Acknowledgment (Michelle) - 5:05 to 5:10
	- Meditation/Reflective Practice (Daniel) - 5:10- 5:15 -grounding group
	- Breakout - Get to Know One Another (groups of 6) 5:15 to 5:20
		- who are you, where are you coming from and why SuperBenefit/what has you showing up 
		- share any highlights from your convo
- 2. Purpose, Mission, Values (Michael) and Draft Theory of Change (Alex & Rowan (confirmed) for ToC) 5:20 - 5:30
	- Use Miro (show how organized)
- 3. Governance & General Circle Introductions (Mark) - Focus on the STRUCTURE (Use Miro to explain it) 5:30 - 5:40
	- Introduce the GC leads
- 4. What's Next: NFT project & Treasury (Peter, Ryan, & Michael) 5:40 - 5:50
- 5. Connect, Share & Choose (Breakouts) - Heenal 5:50 - 6:05 
	- Scribes for each group and share notes (google doc)
		- What is landing for you in what you heard today?
		- What questions are coming up for you from what you heard today?
		- What are you most excited about for the possibilities with SuperBenefit?
		- Choose your role/squad + interest
- 7. Closing Circle - (guiding question/word/feeling) - (Heenal) (6:05 - 6:10)
- MUSIC as people leave - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfU0QORkRpY 
- 
## - Agenda for Cafe Chat
	- 1. Welcome & Opening Circle 
	- 2. Purpose, Mission, Values and Draft Theory of Change 
	- 3. Governance & General Circle Introductions 
	- 4. What's Next: NFT project & Treasury 
	- 5. Connect, Share & Choose (Breakouts) 
	- 7. Closing Circle

## Actions January 10
Heenal:
- Set up breakout rooms - HR
- Record Discord - HR
- Set up harvest document - HR
- Figure out how to do music - HR
- Open call for scribe for Town Hall - MB
- Confirm speakers and agenda - MB
- 
## Promotions Plan
- Posted in upcoming events
- Posted in announcements Dec 20
- Email Dec 21 
- Posted in announcements Jan 5
- Posted Jan 10 
- 
## Engagement Tools
- Intro Music - LET'S DISCUSS
- Opening art form and/or reflection moment (Heenal)
- Presentation for Governance Structure and Process (Mark)
- Project Updates from each Squad (Weekly Update completed by Jan 6 week before and sent out Jan 11)
- Chatting Channel: Discord Text
- Notes to Share: YES!
	- What work will be of most value to the DAO? 
	- How can I be of most service?
	- Everything in the "what the DAO needs" circle is valuable
- 
## Questions
- Are we recording this? How, for whom/what, how are we sharing?
- What/who to use for intro/outro music. Ask for help.
- How best to harvest the Town Hall?
- What guiding questions to use?
- How to present governance and ethos in an engaging way
- How to get people excited about SB and the NFT drop and want to get involved right away
- How to make it feel like a safe space where everyone's contributions are welcome
Info to reference
- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-L5XD0f87hClU_Lfkasy0P9ytORpLuSYbOVZmMuNrA4/edit#heading=h.n4t863c3m58k 

## Welcome & Land Acknowledgment 
- MBaldwin, Community Experience squad and I am kicking us off and then other SuperBenefit community members will jump in to bring you a seamless and fun experience. If you are wondering who am I and why am I kicking us off, I just like you am curious about SuperBenefit and web3 and the way that I learn is by being all in and learning by doing, reading, talking with others. So here I am someone who has worked in nonprofit and philanthropy my whole life and know that there is an urgency for new systems and pathways. Being part of this has been 3 parts exhilirating and 1 part overwhelming. 
	- 
- The purpose for today is to get you up to speed on SuperBenefit, to share where we are at, and support you to plug in as much or as little as you want and can. A note that we are recording today to capture notes. 
- SuperBenefit has been on a wild ride which is about right given that web3 is a wild ride, it is early days and some of you have been shaping where this goes and others of you are wanting to get up to speed and jump in and others of you may still want to learn and lurk as they say. This is a choose your own adventure and what you hear today is most likely to change significantly for the better with your bright minds. If you know what SB is that is ok, that is what we are doing her today.
- I am calling in today from the traditional lands of the Anishinaabek, Haudenosaunee, Lūnaapéewak and Attawandaron peoples, on lands connected with the London Township and Sombra Treaties of 1796 and the Dish with One Spoon Covenant Wampum. We invite you to reflect on where you call in from today, we have people globally and what we know to be true is that the the opportunity in front of us with web3 for new collective futures, shared governance and ownership and co-creation are Indigenous ways of knowing and others of us have lost our way. So we are talking lots of about equity and decolonizing web3 and we know we are bringing our own bias and stuckness and have been and are committed to continuing to learning and unlearning. 
- Name and thank scribe, we have miro board for you add notes https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_llbEduw=/?moveToWidget=3458764516388776657&cot=14 
- Quick run through agenda - pop in chat the agenda
- Ask for what you need... If you have a question, ask in the cafe chat (which is above the cafe channel) at any time. If you need to step away for any reason, that's ok!
- Building in reflection into SuperBenefit is part of our DNA, Daniel who is also part of the Community Experience squad will be taking us through a reflection and meditation practice and I will turn it over to him
- Breakout - Get to Know One Another (groups of 6) 5:15 to 5:20
	- who are you, where are you coming from and why SuperBenefit/what has you showing up 
	- share any highlights from your convo
	- So to start we are going to put you into Breakout channels to get to know one another - who are you, where are you coming from and why SuperBenefit/what has you showing up [PROCESS FOR PEOPLE TO FIND A CHANNEL]
	- Share back a highlight from each group
