#[dao primitives](archive/clarity/Tags/dao%20primitives.md) 


# Oct 25 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:

## Checkin/Catchup 
## Agenda
- Nouns style NFT set up
	- How might something like [https://prop.house/nouns/crowdsourcing-ideas/1652](https://prop.house/nouns/crowdsourcing-ideas/1652) fit with a badging system for governance via Noun holder + cells + individuals




# Oct 19 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:

## Checkin/Catchup 
## Agenda
- All in for sport governance design
- Tooling update 
- 





# Oct 11 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:

## Checkin/Catchup 
## Agenda
- CCS Workshops
- Transformation team 
- Next steps with setting up this project as a CELL - applying what we are thinking to our CELL
	- Review current state 
	- Next revolution
	- Spinning out new CELLS???

# Oct 04 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:

## Checkin/Catchup 
## Agenda
- Conflict management update
- All in for sports - opportunity to test the primitive, (structure, code of conduct, tokens etc
	- Meeting tomorrow
	- Using the cell primitive work as a foundation?
- CCS Workshops
- Next steps with setting up this project as a CELL - applying what we are thinking to our CELL
	- Review current state 
	- Next revolution
	- Next proposal
	- Allocating tokens
	- Spinning out new CELLS???
- Skim token flows


# Sept 27 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:
Ananth, Rowan 
## Checkin/Catchup 
## Agenda
- Prep for conversation with Aaron Lamphere from CCS
- Conflict management conversation (reviewing rathermercurial's doc) 
- Ananth's idea
- Discuss where we are at with primitive design - can we implement a CELL for the next SB project 


--------------------------------------------------------------
# Sept 20 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:
Ananth, Rowan 
## Checkin/Catchup 
## Agenda
- Code of conduct 
- Setting up new project in a cell 
- 
- 


### Notes /decisions/actions  
- 

# Sept 13 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:
Ananth, Rowan 
## Checkin/Catchup 
## Agenda
- Are there simple bonding curve protocols/products that we can experiment with for cell token vs network token desing?
- Next week group call to go over the project 
- Rewarding contributors 


### Notes /decisions/actions  
- 

---------------------------------------------------
# Sept 6 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:
Ananth, Rowan 
## Checkin/Catchup 
## Agenda
- For next week - talk about what channels etc to we want to have gated. "transparency" etc
- Token allocation - coordinape/some thing better suited to our situation
- Token allocation design - SPRB + Native token (SB DAO Primitive $DAOP)
- Update Nucleus with information about the CELL's token
- Project expo idea 
	- Setting up channels and announcing to community
	- Add people the SOBOL 
	- Pulling in core SB team to demo what we have


### Notes /decisions/actions  
- 

# Aug 31 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:
Ananth, Rowan 
## Checkin/Catchup 
## Agenda
- Review article on PoolTogether DAO [https://gov.pooltogether.com/t/the-new-pooltogether-dao-part-i/2506](https://gov.pooltogether.com/t/the-new-pooltogether-dao-part-i/2506) 
- Work on setting up Sobol in line with the CELL nucleus doc - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/de8d2cdb-10da-4c55-90e2-c3afd0793827](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/de8d2cdb-10da-4c55-90e2-c3afd0793827) 
- 


### Notes /decisions/actions  
- 


# Aug 16 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:
Ananth, Rowan 
## Checkin
## Agenda
- Review work over the past week 
- 


### Notes - 
- Rep3 - badge role system for DAOs maybe showing up to meeting

# Aug 9 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:
Ananth, Rowan 
## Checkin
## Agenda
- Updates (Rowan)
	- Northpine 
	- Catalyst 2030 (Rowan)
	- UN project (Rowan)
	- Smart grid DAO opportunity (Rowan)
	- Post
- Review research
- Next steps on research


-------------------------------------------


# Aug 2 2022
## Weekly meeting
## Attending:



Ananth, Rowan 
## Checkin

## Agenda
- Update on Steve conversation, project
- Update on research
- Next post  

--------------------------------------------------------

# July 06 2022 
Attending: @Ananth @Rowan  

Checkin

Agenda:
- Meeting doc
- Team communication protocols - collaboration set up
- Adding people to the team
	- Open invite to the team meeting 
	- Then set up the team protocols etc once we have a few more members
- Research directions [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/) 

Tasks for the week 
- research the 2 DAO tooling platforms listed below (A/R)
- Ask Michelle to set up a recurring meeting in Discord (A)


![image.png](74956a60-f768-4970-a805-4d076fed8725.png)