---
group: general-circle
publish: false
---

recruitment #onboarding #contributors #community  
# Recruitment/Onboarding Messaging

**Purpose of this document:** to capture the messaging that is resonating and landing people towards engagement and becoming contributors to SuperBenefit
## What is catching people's attention?
- ****Those early to SuperBenefit are:
	- systems curious
	- collective over the individual curious
	- co-creation/participatory decision-making curious
	- distributed ownershipholding in common curious 
	- equity/decolonization curious
	- activism/justice curious
	- NFT/art curious
	- unlearning curious
	- future generations/seven generation thinkingintergenerational curious
	- climate/sustainability curious
	- hope curious


Key Questions and Reflections from SuperBenefit 1:1 meetings:
- For us to do systems work, **we need to build in reflection and inner work to do outer systems work**. A culture of reflection and wellness is necessary for systems change.
	- Action: reflection framework being created and integrated into community experience squad
- The language of **mutual benefit** emerged, together with the question: are our assumptions are captured anywhere? For example, the assumption that we trust that the greater collective will make choices that benefit most people most of the time.
- Transference of resources and more equitable allocation of resources, so that everyone has needs met and what they need for a barrierless life
- How do we help people find their purpose and see themselves in universal abundance?
- How do we make SB safe for those who face oppression and racism, where are the checks and balances, how does Discord get verified and monitored?
	- Action: Community Experience Squad to bring this forward
- How do we ensure that we do not value those who know more about web3 over those who do not?
- Urgency around climate and equity comes up in all discussions to date
- Seven generation thinking as a concept that not all will understand but should be embedded in SB
- How do we ensure equitable access to the fruits/benefits of web3 technologies?
- What would it mean to decolonize web3? How could we do that?
- How to ensure that our onboarding process is inclusive (for example, not ageist or ableist)

**Edited Recruitment Message - Jan 7 **
[SuperBenefit](https://www.superbenefit.org/) is gathering a small group of activists, culture hackers, movement builders and social innovators to explore how the emerging world of 'web3' can help us coordinate, incentivize, and resource the work we have dedicated our lives to. 
Web3 is a bold, rapidly changing field of technology and includes things like cryptocurrencies, non-fungible tokens (NFTs), and decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs). While 'crypto' has some 'shady' history, this next wave feels like something we need to be paying attention to.
SuperBenefit's purpose is to embed universal abundance and equity into the core infrastructure of the future and that includes building the individual and collective knowledge and capabilities of the SuperBenefit community in web3, its development and its potential applications. 
If you're at all curious, join the Discord for the SuperBenefit DAO [here](https://discord.gg/hteEvkYr) and check out the #start-here channel. If even this step has you a bit stuck, email @MBaldwin our Community Experience Lead at mbaldwin@communityfoundations.ca.  Let's take up some virtual space in the world of 'web3' and ensure it is doing good - together.
PS Don't worry if 'web3' is completely new or confusing. That's exactly why we're doing this! 
