
From @rathermercurial @Ananth @Rowan  

## Purpose
To create a Cell to kick off the Windfall NFT Project. 
SuperBenefit is partnered with [Windfall Ecology Centre](https://windfallcentre.ca/) in Canada to work on developing an NFT tool and platform for owners and occupiers of real-estate (residential and commercial) to manage, share and leverage the energy usage data generated by their properties. 
A funding partnership is close to being secured which can fund some of the Cells activities. Additional funding will be sought to compliment this and fund the execution phase of the design.  
The initial use case will be for a specific region in Canada, but the goal will be to build a platform that can support an ecosystem of innovation around this data as well as new ways to utilise it to create positive social and environmental impact. 
The initial scope will be to focus on delivering a lightpaper outlining possible design for the NFT solution, but as the project develops a wider protocol design will be engaged in in parallel. 
The Cell team will work on:
- Initial governance design
- Early overarching project design and project management
- Coordinating stakeholder partners and the set up of the stakeholder module and early project decision-making
- And then evolve its role as needed as the project takes shape and more operational Cells are created

## Practice
**Core Team**
The DAO Primitive team plus @Lewwwk  will make up the initial core team and will onboard additional core team members part of the initial set up of the Cell. They will also drop out of the core team when/if it is appropriate. 
**Initial Core Team Members **
- @Lewwwk 
- @Rowan 
- @rathermercurial 
- @Ananth 

**Cell State**
Once this proposal is approved, the core team will set up a Cell State. This will create transparency around all the core functions of the Cell. It will define:
- How decisions are made
- How its treasury is governed and administered
- How changes to its Cell State are made
- How contributors are rewarded
- How tasks are managed

**Treasury**
After approval of this proposal and after funding is confirmed the Cell will set up a multisig wallet to manage its treasury.
The DAO Primitive team will take responsibility for setting up the multisig and transfer ownership of this to the core team. 
## Progress
Funding for the project is close to approval. We should have confirmation in the next few weeks. Potential follow-on funding for the execution phase will be explored as part of this project. 
We have already done a lot of work across other projects on the core governance primitives and practices that we will be leveraging for this initial project set up.
Windfall as a partner, has already developed and deployed a lot of the technical tooling around energy assessment needed for this to work.
Windfall already has many of the key partnership relationships in place needed for this project to progress. 
### Contributors
The following SuperBenefit contributors are already engaged in the project along with other partners and SuperBenefit team members.  
- @Lewwwk 
- @Rowan  
- @rathermercurial
- @Ananth 

## First Steps
- The initial work that the Cell will do is to scope the governance design for the project. This will involve:
	- Setting up token enabled governance
	- Initial governance tooling and processes
	- Identifying and engaging with key stakeholders 
	- Developing community participation in the project
	- Scope establishment of funding to fund execution of the designs
- Following this the Cell will evolve to coordinate the follow-on activities of the project including:
	- Designing the technical architecture for the initiative
	- Specifying the energy labelling component 
	- And developing the protocol litepaper 

## Details
- The DAO primitive team will set up a DAO-cell and Cell State 
- The DAO primitive team will coordinate establishing the core team for the Cell and the early practices and tooling that the Cell will use. 
