#[reimagining power](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/reimagining%20power.md) #[tactical meetings](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/tactical%20meetings.md) 

wWeekly meeting notes for the Reimagining Power planning workstream are recorded here.
Please refer to the [meeting, checkin & decider protocols ](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/cbf5146b-6d3f-4f75-9e51-0435f4011ed9)for meeting details
## Links
- [reimagining power](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/reimagining%20power.md)[ Project Overview](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/tags/a50e883a-3504-42c3-a7bc-859de249ff7e)
- ⬜️ P-267 Initial Planning - Reimagining Power
- ⬜️ POW-272 Cell State (DRAFT) - Reimagining Power
- ```__**Reimagining Power Planning Workstream Weekly Meeting**__  
  
**Meeting Notes**  
https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/422ea92a-404f-41ca-84cd-727d2faf359d  
  
**Initial Planning Doc**  
https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/267  
  
**Project Overview**  
https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/tags/a50e883a-3504-42c3-a7bc-859de249ff7e  
  
**Cell State Document**  
https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-272  
  
**Working Agreements**  
https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-274  ```


>**How to Use This Document:**

- Use the `/` key to choose a new block type, then select `Snippet`.
- Select the `Reimagine Power Meeting Agenda` snippet.
- Replace the `Date` heading with the meeting date.

Please place new meetings at the **top** of the page. Meetings more than 2 weeks old should be collapsed to improve page loading.


 Date 26/10/23
If time might be good to chat this question out "What inequities and financial/coordination bottlenecks are currently visible in the NFP/Philanthropy space? Which are a priority for key stakeholders and their peers?" (Michelle)




# Date 23/11/23
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: **
	- ### Attendees: 
		- **Regrets:  @Aditi **
- ## Intentions & Tensions
	- 
- ## Updates
	- OTF Agreement (Heenal)
		- How to share it? Was RPP Core Team Hat set up?
	- Stakeholder Meeting
	- Restorying Power 
	- 
- ## Agenda
	- (Rowan) Do a walkthrough of the Charmverse setup and start managing tasks in Charmverse.
	- (Rowan) Managing tasks in Charmverse going forward  [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292) 
- ## Longer items:
	- 
- ## Action items
	- [ ] 
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?


# 16/11/23
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: **
	- ### Attendees: rowan rather naan filsan michelle heenal aditi
		- **Regrets: **
- ## Intentions & Tensions
	- feeling the tension 
- ## Updates
	- OTF agreement (Heenal)
		- Heenal & Andrew (CFC) signed the agreement today. 
		- [ ] rather will set up RPP Core Team hat so that the agreement can be shared
	- Stakeholder meeting (Heenal/Michelle)
		- coming up on Monday Nov 20
	- Menzies Foundation (Michelle)
		- good meeting, discussed a $25k contribution to explore with us. may or may not fall within this project
	- Restorying Power (Heenal/Michelle/Aditi)
		- SuperBenefit Timeline draft to use for RPP onboarding [https://www.canva.com/design/DAFxj-0t1gQ/8znUEX0z8oNiyIAlxA1fjw/edit](https://www.canva.com/design/DAFxj-0t1gQ/8znUEX0z8oNiyIAlxA1fjw/edit) 
		- Onboarding for RPP and how fits with storytelling 
	- 
- ## Agenda
	- Stakeholder meeting - what to send to stakeholders in advance of Nov 20? (Heenal)
		- [Timeline](https://www.canva.com/design/DAFxj-0t1gQ/8znUEX0z8oNiyIAlxA1fjw/edit)
		- [OpenCivics grant app](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xnUBmNanTUibOeMC7eLRLh2k0GwF8QuSOhc0lwP139M/edit)
		- [Stakeholder Governance](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/tags/4425810b-50bb-4a6b-baf3-ecc12485300b)
		- Briefing Note - Michelle reworking the CFC version - will move into Charmverse -google doc [https://docs.google.com/document/d/12nysgmlZ0yuYxNwUFnK2r6p5V2u7trY4xk5S_yoFEYQ/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12nysgmlZ0yuYxNwUFnK2r6p5V2u7trY4xk5S_yoFEYQ/edit) 
	- Onboarding - what can we learn from? what are the next steps? (Heenal)
		- WREEP
			- stewardship group is equivalent of stakeholder group in RPP
			- stakeholder group = reps of retrofit communities, in the durham region (utility companies, HOAs, etc)
			- wider community
			- current focus = onboarding stakeholder group. most of them don't know web3 so figuring out a simple way of doing that. building in safety valves so that people can use email and zoom. 
			- key question: "what's the proposition for people to participate in something?" - rather than "building a community"/gathering people
			- 3 meanings of "stewardship"
				- web2 def - mgmt 
				- web3 def - elected or appointed roles in charge in functions
				- bioregional (traditional) definition
		- onboarding
			- for a cell it's a tactical thing - something than needs to get done - but with SB it's part of its raison d'etre - it's purpose-driven - so needs to be done with care
			- make it an operational function rather than an admin function
			- more structure, procedural approach
			- 
- ## Longer items:
	- (Rowan) Do a walkthrough of the Charmverse set up so we can start managing tasks in Charmverse. Plan for migration - e.g moving cell state to charmverse
		- [Reimagining Power Workspace](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/reimagining-power-cell-49519327973374416)
			- [Meeting Notes](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/meeting-notes-reimagining-power-9995214806368862)
			- [Task Board](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/task-board-reimagining-power-18270894134568505)
			- [Documents](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/documents-reimagining-power-43962433074569307)
			- [In-Kind Contributions](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/in-kind-contributions-reimagining-power-45225556328987615)
				- Add things we're working on (or have worked on previously) into in-kind contributions initially and then we can promote them to tasks after further discussion. new tasks we all agree on should be tracked as tasks.
					- include hourly rate based on 2x hourly rate for jobs advertised in your area with a matching job description to the work you did
				- Next week we'll have more discussion about getting tasks set up and making decisions about what activities we want to do and track
	- Once OTF monies transferred - what is next about deployment?
- ## Action items
	- [ ] 
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?


# 09/11/23
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: @Rowan  **
	- ### Attendees: @Rowan  @Aditi @Filsan @michellebaldwin.eth @rathermercurial @heenal @Ananth 
		- **Regrets:  **


- **Intentions & Tensions**
	- Tension of being on hold because of funding and what can we move forwardC
	- Clarity.
	- 
- ## Updates
	-  OTF Funding
		- Update yesterday/today: Contract is being sent over for signature any day now
	- New [reimagining power workspace](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/reimagining-power-cell-83067678684582):
		- [Meeting Notes - Reimagining Power | CharmVerse](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/meeting-notes-reimagining-power-6544656587329523?viewId=e426b0af-60c2-4fb9-a842-a5eda68dfb11&cardId=)
		- [Task Board - Reimagining Power | CharmVerse](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/task-board-reimagining-power-7844029827531622?viewId=21a2ca4b-ac09-4d17-97a3-96823d1343d7)
		- [In-Kind Contributions - Reimagining Power | CharmVerse](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/in-kind-contributions-reimagining-power-04171255478638192?viewId=29044bcf-b871-4fa2-851d-c3174bb9041a)
		- Filsan & Aditi - Please share your address via chat or DM for access tokens
	- 
- ## Agenda
	- [Stakeholder Meeting Agenda](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/first-stakeholder-meeting-reimagining-power-22095877881908255) (Heenal)
		- Documents to send to stakeholders by Nov 15
		- Project Purpose - who can change this and how? (Stakeholder group, core team, someone else?)
	- OTF Agreement - update and reflections (Michelle)
		- Observed need to facilitate a peer-to-peer environment to circumnavigate incumbent power/privilege dynamics among participants
	- Restorying Power update (Michelle)
		- working on the [canva timeline](https://www.canva.com/design/DAFxj-0t1gQ/8znUEX0z8oNiyIAlxA1fjw/edit) about SuperBenefit for 2021 to now - visual aid to get a snapshot of where we have been as a community - STILL DRAFT [https://www.canva.com/design/DAFxj-0t1gQ/8znUEX0z8oNiyIAlxA1fjw/edit](https://www.canva.com/design/DAFxj-0t1gQ/8znUEX0z8oNiyIAlxA1fjw/edit) 
		- meeting next week around next steps
	- Next Steps: What inequities and financial/coordination bottlenecks are currently visible in the NFP/Philanthropy space? Which are a priority for key stakeholders and their peers? Research and summary to come [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/d7c1faa1-7ac8-4733-9e15-f776da01c60f](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/d7c1faa1-7ac8-4733-9e15-f776da01c60f)   (Michelle)
		- 
- ## Longer items:
	- Discuss agenda for Stakeholder meeting - [https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/first-stakeholder-meeting-reimagining-power-22095877881908255](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/first-stakeholder-meeting-reimagining-power-22095877881908255) 
		- 
- ## Action items
	- [ ] Review & finalize Canva timeline
	- [ ] Update agenda for stakeholder governance 
	- [ ]  Update stakeholder governance doc for sharing with stakeholder group
	- [ ] Use in kind contributions in Charmverse - add to each agenda
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
		- sharing facilitation 
		- discussion about access to docs
		- reimagining how to bring about the stakeholder group without the go to usual


# Date 02/11/23
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: @Rowan  **
	- ### Attendees: @Filsan @MBaldwin @Rowan  @heenal @Ananth @rathermercurial 
		- **Regrets: @Aditi **
	- Lots of tiredness all round today
- **Intentions & Tensions**
	- Tension of being on hold because of funding and what can we move forward
- ## Updates
	- OTF Funding (Heenal)
		- Contract is ready to be signed by the other partners and we will be ready to invoice for the first 30k of the funding 
	- Great engagement with offering insight ["What inequities and financial/coordination bottlenecks are currently visible in the NFP/Philanthropy space? Which are a priority for key stakeholders and their peers?"](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/d7c1faa1-7ac8-4733-9e15-f776da01c60f) 
	- WREEP
		- Looking to onboard 3 stakeholders, experimenting with tooling that could also serve the needs of RPP
	- Fascinating [Pace and Information Asymmetry](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/discussing-pace-information-superbenefit-1810674152890046?domain=superbenefit&pageId=discussing-pace-information-asymmetry-superbenefit-1810674152890046) conversation took place last week
		- 
- ## Agenda
	- Review Agenda for Stakeholder Meeting (Heenal)
		- [https://www.figma.com/file/ct2DHgl4NjNEyqOadB13ml/Reimagining-Power---Project-Planning?type=whiteboard&node-id=585-554&t=Lk3rPjmuo32zd8uM-0](https://www.figma.com/file/ct2DHgl4NjNEyqOadB13ml/Reimagining-Power---Project-Planning?type=whiteboard&node-id=585-554&t=Lk3rPjmuo32zd8uM-0) 
		-  
	-   [Reimagining Power](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/reimagining-power-83067678684582) space on Charmverse has been created; Not set up yet
		- [Reimagining Power Task Board | CharmVerse](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/reimagining-power-task-board-4024995233509894?viewId=3f8074ba-eb47-40cf-970e-8e18a8d8eb5b)
- ## Longer items:
	- 
- ## Action items
	- [ ] 
- ## Decisions log
	- Agreed to use Charmverse for the project's meeting notes, documentation and task management
		- [https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/reimagining-power-task-board-4024995233509894?viewId=3f8074ba-eb47-40cf-970e-8e18a8d8eb5b](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/reimagining-power-task-board-4024995233509894?viewId=3f8074ba-eb47-40cf-970e-8e18a8d8eb5b) 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?


## Date 26/10/23
## Check-In
- **Facilitator: @MBaldwin **
- ### Attendees:  @MBaldwin @heenal @Rowan  @rathermercurial 
	- **Regrets:  @Aditi @Filsan @Ananth **(late)
- **Intentions & Tensions**
	- Tension of being on hold because of funding and what can we move forward
- **Updates**
	- Stakeholder/Partner Meeting booked for Nov 20 from 3:45-5pm ET
	- Reimagining Power Project storytelling - timeline - Aditi to fill in content for others in cell to add in images
	- Menzies Foundation
		- meeting booked for mid-November
		- clarifying SB offering/role
	- Governance team is working on defining terms such as "DAO Primitive"
	- Charmverse/Wonderverse - more web3 but Clarity is web 2.5 - cater to more actively engaged web3 - SB can reimagine power in token gates, badges - how can we empower community and agency to folks in SB through permissions, token distros, ownership, etc.
	- OTF - heard that moving along with contract, still figuring out wording
- **Agenda**
	- Stakeholder/Partner Meeting  - can we add to future agenda to discuss format and assign roles for facilitation or book separate meeting (Michelle) 
		- 20 mins in next meeting on Nov 2
	- Compensation and Task Management - changes due to Clarity (Michelle)
		- wonderverse being tested, unsure and looking at other options, have a base outline for task management for compensation
		- we can get started straight away  
		- Review [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292) 
		- charmverse well capitalized, does require set up for task management, similar to notion but doable, last update was pretty great
	- WREEP onboarding walk-through, perhaps similar to bringing stakeholders 
		- move to next meeting - will add in overview of task management tools to facilitate tool selection
- **Longer Items**
	- Review the [briefing note for OTF](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vW26yTU5Od9sLaU8NfUvliEJpEDMqbKwn8ibsMgsJnI/edit) and see if there are things that we can be starting on now (Rowan) 
		- Things we could progress
			- Transformation mapping work - problems/opportunities in philanthropy [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/d7c1faa1-7ac8-4733-9e15-f776da01c60f](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/d7c1faa1-7ac8-4733-9e15-f776da01c60f) 
			- Input Requested: **What inequities and financial/coordination bottlenecks are currently visible in the NFP/Philanthropy space? Which are a priority for key stakeholders and their peers?**
				- @rathermercurial had posed this question in the Stakeholder Governance doc [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/tags/4425810b-50bb-4a6b-baf3-ecc12485300b](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/tags/4425810b-50bb-4a6b-baf3-ecc12485300b)

We wanted to get more input on this as this will be important to reimagining power and we will have the stakeholders add to this as well. 

Would love the insights from those connecting into the Reimagining Power Project  - please add notes and resources here
[https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/d7c1faa1-7ac8-4733-9e15-f776da01c60f](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/d7c1faa1-7ac8-4733-9e15-f776da01c60f)

I have added in the pain points identified this year during our Transforming Capital Initiative at CFC and I will continue to do more research and add information.
			- Working on defining language 
				- could be connection/collaboration between governance and re-storying power cells
			- Defacto Roles
				- engaging with stakeholders and leveraging those relationships, operational roles, re-storytelling cells
				- define those roles and folks can identify roles, and they can own that role
	- Last week's reflection session ran long (for good reason!), should this be a periodic practice? (separate from in/tensions)
		- honour that energy periodically
		- what timing - solstice??
	- Interest in AI (Sue Snider brought this up)
- **Action Items**
	- Decision on charmverse or tooling for Compensation and Task Management and DAO Governance team will test
- **Decisions Log**
- **Reflections**
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
		- inclusiveness of the Pagan

# Date 19/10/23
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: Rowan**
	- ### Attendees: @rathermercurial @heenal @Ananth @Filsan @MBaldwin 
		- **Regrets:  @Aditi **
- ## Intentions & Tensions
	- List and discuss things that you want to see happen/change or any tensions that you are feeling about where we are at in the RPP at this point in time:
		- **Intentions**
			- Kicking off the stakeholder engagement now that we have (hopefully) the funding path sorted. If you're not in these meetings you're missing a lot of the context. How are we catching people up. 
			- Trying to shake some of the legacy entity thinking.
			- Get some experiments underway. Get started 
			- Connection with EF and integrating them into the project
			- Figuring out how to talk about what we are doing spanning internal design language and simple practical communication for partners stakeholders etc
			- Find out how we can share the information about design better. Thinking about having bridges/translators to help with this 
		- **Tensions**
			- Expectations about attendance of meetings 
			- How do we hold our principles at the same time as engaging with the traditional world
			- Balancing theory + design and getting something implemented where more people can be engaged
			- Language to communicate to the different groups we need to engage. How can we figure out the language piece
			- Doing work now vs waiting for funding 
		- **Possible directions of work to do prior to funding being confirmed**
			- Language project 
			- Pushing forward with existing activities across other orgs
			- Pushing forward with the stakeholder group
			- Figuring out how we track contribution - in-kind and financially compensated
- ## Updates
	- OTF (Heenal)
	- CFC role and in kind time capture (Michelle)
	- Pacing and Information Assymetry as they relate to Power and Privilege meeting being set up by @rathermercurial that links to RPP and SB - Oct 27th from 3-4pm ET
	- 
- ## Agenda
	- Stakeholder/Partner meeting next steps (Michelle)
		- 
	- Attendance expectations, any follow up (Michelle)
- ## Longer items:
	- Reflections on OTF given tensions from past convos (Michelle)

If time might be good to chat this question out "What inequities and financial/coordination bottlenecks are currently visible in the NFP/Philanthropy space? Which are a priority for key stakeholders and their peers?" (Michelle)
- ## Action items
	- [ ] Michelle to touch base with Aditi about meetings and what she needs
	- [x] Michelle to send invite to Heenal for meeting with Susan Snider Equality Fund
	- [x] Michelle to send out stakeholder meeting invite
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?


# 10/12/23
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: Rowan**
	- ### Attendees: @MBaldwin @heenal @rathermercurial @Ananth @Rowan  
		- **Regrets:  @Filsan @Aditi **
- ## Updates
	- Funding Update (Michelle/Heenal)
	- [Stakeholder meeting agenda](https://www.figma.com/file/ct2DHgl4NjNEyqOadB13ml/Reimagining-Power---Project-Planning?type=whiteboard&node-id=574-488&t=qiQ3dHV2aFYadkfG-4) (Heenal)
	- Restorying Power (Heenal) - notes [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/422ea92a-404f-41ca-84cd-727d2faf359d](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/422ea92a-404f-41ca-84cd-727d2faf359d) 
- ## Agenda
	- Stakeholder engagement (Michelle)
- ## Longer items:
	- Discuss OTF funding
		- how to proceed even if funding is becoming difficult/delayed (Rowan)
		- Concern that OTF will wield undue power over the project 
		- Understanding the project vs the network
		- discuss roles and briefing note for CFC (Michelle)
			- 
	- Aside: Several mentions that we're doing the work of reimagining power through current stakeholder engagement. Should this work be recognized and captured in some way?
- ## Action items
	- [ ] 
- ## Decisions log
	- We will pause the stakeholder engagement email until we have more clarity on OTF's position on Reimagine Institute
	-  
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?

# 10/5/23
- ## Check-In - 
	- **Facilitator: Rowan**
	- ### Attendees:
		-  @rathermercurial @Filsan @Ananth @MBaldwin @Rowan  @heenal 
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- Initial stakeholder meeting
		- Invitation email drafted
		- Meeting today to craft the agenda
	- OTF funding
		- Potential hiccup
		- CFC conversations ongoing
	- [Stakeholder governance doc](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/tags/4425810b-50bb-4a6b-baf3-ecc12485300b)
		- rather will update the doc with everyone's feedback
		- everyone is welcome to edit the doc
		- what other terms would be useful to explain? **ping rather in chat with ideas**
			- #[dao primitives](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/dao%20primitives.md) 
			- #[cells](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/cells.md)
			- GR-296 Group Scale - DAO Primitives
	- @Aditi @Rowan  @Filsan met to discuss governance topics and field questions - Feels good
- ## Agenda
	- Michelle - Language framing discussion (from last meeting)
		- DAO Primitives cell will use language that's the most useful, linking to definitions of what they mean by specific terms (eg "Stakeholder") and then for each project we can choose external-facing language that makes the most sense to the stakeholders.
		- It's challenging becaue SB operates in multiple domains and there are overlapping Domain Specific Languages
			- A long-term solution would be to be clarify SuperBenefit's internal language
	- Walk through of task management and compensation (temp check) - Rowan 
		- [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292) 
		- 
		- 
	- Aditi - Onboarding discussion for new contributors (from last meeting)
- ## Longer items:
	- Possible brainstorm on finding a replacement fiscal sponsor
		- Open collective - need a connection to Ontario 
		- [https://opencollective.com/fission](https://opencollective.com/fission) 
 [https://opencollective.com/civictechto1](https://opencollective.com/civictechto1) 

		- CFC or EF could possibly be the fiscal sponsor
	- Michelle - discussion about stakeholder gov doc
- ## Action items
	- [ ]  @rathermercurial will update the doc Stakeholder governance doc incorporating feedback
	- [ ] Everyone ping @rather in chat with ideas for more terms to define/explain in Clarity tag pages
	- [ ] Everyone invited to take a look at [Check-out Protocol](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/cbf5146b-6d3f-4f75-9e51-0435f4011ed9) and add feedback before we use it next week
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
		- tackling information asymmetry proactively by creating docs to explain key concepts
		- transparency over challenges

# 28/9/23
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: **@Rowan  
	- ### Attendees:
		-  @michellebaldwin.eth @heenal @Filsan @Ananth @rathermercurial @Rowan  @Aditi 
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- OTF (Michelle)
	- Menzies Foundation (Michelle)
		- Liz Gillies received proposal and is going to check with groups if there is interest
	- Indigenous Peoples Resilience Fund and Catamount Fellowship (Michelle)
	- Restorying Power (Heenal)
		- Michelle + Njoki + Heenal are going to work on a piece telling the story of the project to date and how we got to where we are
	- DAO primitives will provide #[Design Task Management and Compensation Framework - DAO Primitives (Old)](Design%20Task%20Management%20and%20Compensation%20Framework%20-%20DAO%20Primitives%20(Old)) 
	- WREEP project is underway. Tighter scope than this project. Research and learnings across projects can be shared.
- ## Agenda
	- Updated [Partnership governance doc](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/GR-309) - new naming and updated design (rowan)
		- Michelle: context needed around terminology, especially as names and definitions evolve.
	- Onboarding, contributing, and continuous engagement for new/newish members of the group (Aditi)
		- Rowan & Rather offered calls/office hours
		- Get active on Discord
		- There's work to do on onboarding within SuperBenefit as a whole 
		- Can prioritize documenting terminology using Clarity tags
	- [Checkout Protocol](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/cbf5146b-6d3f-4f75-9e51-0435f4011ed9) (Heenal) - let's discuss and if we can agree on it quickly we can use it today
- ## Longer items:
	- Stakeholder Engagement Planning (Michelle/Rowan)
		- meeting to take place after this one
		- ready to reach out to stakeholders - 2 meetings
			- get together, intro to concepts and set up their governance, sharing how think governance tooling and protocols work
				- intro to project, one another
				- figure out their purpose and requirements, DAO primitives team (Q from MB - how do we use primitive / governance) - primitives - tend to describe the fundamental composable building blocks of something, designing these fundamentals building blocks like a cell, cell state - so now partnership model has a primitive, can configure to suit context 
			- source doc rather has put together 
			- Facilitated by DAO primitives team
			- Outreach email to frame up 
			- Potential Stakeholders: OTF, Equality Funds, All In For Sport, SuperBenefit, 
			- Steps
				- Pull together the 2 docs
				- Set up the first meeting - lettuce meet or similar 
				- Plan the first session 
					- Relationship and trust building
		- Outcome - first meeting maybe just deeper understanding of first project and stakekholder governance and their roles and get to know one another
		- 
	- If we have time - Language framing (Michelle) - for another meeting
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
		- discussion about onboarding and accessibility and how power shows up in those who have been here and those who are "newer"
		- touched on power and language
- ## Check out
	- record "incomplete" attestations here?
	- need to carry over pushed agenda items:
		- If we have time - Language framing (Michelle) - for another meeting 
		- Onboarding discussion for new contributors (Aditi)

# **9/21/2023**
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: @MBaldwin **
	- **Welcome and Check In - **mad, glad, sad, afraid - I'm in
	- ### Attendees:
		-  @MBaldwin @Rowan  @Filsan @rathermercurial @heenal 
		- **Regrets:  @Aditi @Ananth **
- ## Updates (all)
	- #[Partnership Governance - Reimagining Power](Partnership%20Governance%20-%20Reimagining%20Power) 
		- @heenal & @Rowan  are going to work on the doc to make it more friendly
		- @rathermercurial is working on a preamble/framing for the doc
	- Menzies Foundation [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/88344750-6c9f-4ece-9b4f-ffe0cb0a34a4](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/88344750-6c9f-4ece-9b4f-ffe0cb0a34a4) 
	- DAO #[community governance](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/community%20governance.md) session with Indigenous Peoples Resilience Fund - Tues Sept 26 at 4pm ET
	- Catamount Fellowship with AIFS and Reimagining Power Project
		- Connection with IPRF work
	- OTF
		- funding confirmed!
	- OpenCivics Invitation (rather) - aligned with RP, stakeholder group, upcoming grant rounds we can participate in [https://opencivics.notion.site/](https://opencivics.notion.site/) 
- ## Agenda
	- Stakeholder Engagement - update and input (Michelle)
		- Will reach out to stakeholders once stakeholder model doc has been reworked
		- Where we landed as a plan is for #[Stakeholder Engagement - Reimagining Power](Stakeholder%20Engagement%20-%20Reimagining%20Power):


			1. Michelle to reach out to all the potential stakeholders (OTF, EF, RI, AIFS and SB). And invite them to become part of the Stakeholder Group for the project. Share with them a brief outline of what being in the Stakeholder Group would look like (plus share the outline that **@rathermercurial** is working on and the updated stakeholder model doc once **@Rowan** and **@heenal** have reworked it).
		- 

			1. When all or some of the potential stakeholders have indicated that they want to be part of the SHG we invite them to a session (that we will facilitate) to get the group set up:
			2. Figure out how they want to work together  - meeting and making decisions
			3. Outline a simple tooling setup for them to use - e.g discord, clarity docs etc
			4. Help them understand the role of stakeholders in the group and answer any questions they have
		- 

			1. Facilitate them and us (perhaps using an outside facilitator) to define the purpose/direction for the RPP project and define any other requirements that the relationship between stakeholder group and this team will need to fulfil.
			2. Question about how many from each stakeholder for the stakeholder group
			3. We will aim to nudge the stakeholder group in its setup to have 1 or 2 people representing in the initial design conversations - they can later bring others in as needed 
	- Offline conversations for those wanting to get deeper into the governance design (Rowan)
	- 
- ## Longer items:
	- Follow up on the stakeholder agenda item (Heenal)
	- Any anticipated future work - pacing (Michelle)
		- storytelling meeting - Friday Sept 22
		- managing and allocating tasks as part of this team and dividing among the RP Core Team and include how people will get paid
			- project management, what tasks prioritized, what is valued, who signed up for what, verify done and compensation happens
			- how does the budget work, stakeholder approval of projects
		- Stakeholders may already have ideas around experiments/work they want to do as part of this project. We will communicate that the setup of stakeholder group and some decisions around purpose etc must be completed before proposals come forward - and then strategy on budget can be developed
		- [OTF results and metrics doc](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/88344750-6c9f-4ece-9b4f-ffe0cb0a34a4)
- ## Action items
	- [x] Rowan to post in the channel the offer for governance background conversations
	- [ ] Michelle to reach out to all the potential stakeholders (OTF, EF, RI, AIFS and SB). And invite them to become part of the Stakeholder Group for the project. 
	- [x] Design or delegate #[Design Task Management and Compensation Framework - DAO Primitives (Old)](Design%20Task%20Management%20and%20Compensation%20Framework%20-%20DAO%20Primitives%20(Old)) 
- ## Decisions log
	- Decided to have a task to design a task management and compensation framework for the RPP
	- Will request #[dao primitives](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/dao%20primitives.md) team take on #[Design Task Management and Compensation Framework - DAO Primitives (Old)](Design%20Task%20Management%20and%20Compensation%20Framework%20-%20DAO%20Primitives%20(Old)) in cooperation with #[reimagining power](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/reimagining%20power.md) 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
		- MB faciliation allows a different vibe and energy ✨
		- wanting to get deeper into the governance design  - 1:1 offer
		- work of the project - we don't know what it is and will be decided by the stakeholders, purpose and outcomes will be developing and on the ground in the community
	- Is there anything else you need to feel complete (Michelle)
		- meeting went well and covered lots of ground from different people

---
# **Date 14/09/23**
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: Rowan**
	- ### Attendees:
		-  @Aditi @heenal @Ananth @rathermercurial @Filsan @Rowan  
		- **Regrets:  @MBaldwin **
- ## Updates
	- @rathermercurial will share project home page next week.
- ## Agenda
	- @heenal created a list of terms to define / disambiguate
		- [stakeholder](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/stakeholder.md), Stakeholder Model, Web3 Stakeholder Modules - DAO Primitives , Stakeholder Group, #[Partnership Governance - Reimagining Power](Partnership%20Governance%20-%20Reimagining%20Power) 
		- Operational GR-311 Cell Primitive - DAO Primitives,  Cell of Cells, [core team](notes/archive/clarity/Tags/core%20team.md)
	- Ideas about Cell formation from the DAO primitives meeting (Rowan)
	- 
- ## Longer items:
	- Plan for stakeholder engagement next steps (Rowan)

		- [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/group/GR/tasks](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/group/GR/tasks) 
	- Review and flesh out the RP Cell State (Rowan)
- ## Action items
	- [ ] Rowan to set up a call with Michelle to discuss Stakeholder engagement. Others in the team are welcome to join
- ## Decisions log
	- Rowan to set up a call with Michelle to discuss Stakeholder engagement. Others in the team are welcome to join
	- 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?

---
# **07/09/23**
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: @Rowan  **
	- ### Attendees:
		-  @Rowan  @rathermercurial @MBaldwin @Ananth @heenal @Filsan 
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- Windfall - kick-off meeting with @Lewwwk. Exciting stuff. Will be making use of some of the structures we're developing in this project
	- OTF - Funding still delayed because questions
	- Project tasks reorganized in Clarity - separation between cell setup / project planning / storytelling
- ## Agenda
	- Need to think about how to constrain the scope of the RP project and outsource some of the complexity (Rowan)
		- For example, some of the nitty gritty could be outsourced to the Primitives team who have already been noodling away on some of these questions
- ## Longer items:
	- Start to layout strategic next steps (Rowan)
		- Who are the stakeholders?
			- CFC are named in project outcomes as the OTF relationship has come though Michelle. NB - Just because they are a stakeholder doesn't mean they should be part of the stakeholder module, which is for groups who are actively engaged with the project.
		- How can we support the Storytelling "cell" in a minimally-intrusive manner?
How can we align on goals & strategy?
	- Review draft Cell State and refine based on latest conversations and decisions (Rowan)
		- 
- ## Action items
- ## Decisions log
	- Ask the DAO primitive team to put together some design explainations for stakeholder governance and what the stakeholder module is that we can share with the potential RP project stakeholders. Passed by @rathermercurial @Ananth @heenal @Filsan @MBaldwin @Rowan  
	- Provide an update to the potential RP project stakeholder group on progress and design. Passed by @rathermercurial @Ananth @heenal @Filsan @MBaldwin @Rowan  
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
	- see above for examples 

---
# **31/08/23**
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: @heenal **
	- ### Attendees:
		- @Filsan @MBaldwin @Rowan  @heenal @rathermercurial @Ananth 
		- **Regrets:  @Aditi **
- ## Updates
	- Retroactive funding conversation took place at end of last meeting. [Notes here.](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-288)
	- Njoki has offered to host a session on re-storying power and is interested in being part of a Storytelling cell as part of this project
	- OTF conversation is looking good, and they suggest moving forward
	- Meeting with Menzies Foundation - seems some synergy
	- Tasks have been created to track various aspects of the project
		- ⬜️ POW-276 Cell Setup - Reimagining Power
		- ✅ POW-288 Retroactive Funding for Pre-Proposal Planning Period
		- ⬜️ POW-277 Stakeholder Engagement - Reimagining Power
		- ⬜️ POW-275 Project Planning - Reimagining Power
- ## Agenda
	1. Framing for the relationship between the DAO primitive cell and the RP cell (Rowan)
		- 1. Conceptual framework
			- The designs of cells, networks of cells, community governance, constituency scale, collaboration scale
		- 2. Creating the tools modules 
			- [Contents • SuperBenefit (clarity.so)](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/290) 
			- Including how compensation
		- 3. Documentation and facilitation of implementing this in the RP project
			- [Facilitation • SuperBenefit (clarity.so)](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/289) 
	2. Update on Menzies foundation (Michelle)
		- Interested in Regen Melbourne, AIFS, Windfall
		- They could potentially be part of this project as a stakeholder
			- NB: Who gets to decide who is a stakeholder?
			- Could enable us to run more experiments
		- [Notes from Michelle](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/88344750-6c9f-4ece-9b4f-ffe0cb0a34a4) re potential collaboration - invitation to edit/add comments
	3. Suggestion to develop a Checkout Protocol (Heenal)
		- This is something different from the McCarthy Checkout Protocol
		- Be aware of time constraints in our one-hour meeting
		- It can be nice to have a definite clear end to the meeting. But does that rob us of the opportunity to extend the meeting? Depends how people want the meeting to feel.
		- Word of gratitude or reflection
- ## Longer items:
	1. Review and decide on retroactive funding for the RP project setup period [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-288](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-288) (Rowan)
		- ✅ POW-288 Retroactive Funding for Pre-Proposal Planning Period
		- We decided on a lightweight mechanism of contributors outlining their contributions, followed by a quick discussion to determine funding amounts that felt fair and reasonable to all parties.
	2. Review the Needs/Commitments space in the [figjam](https://www.figma.com/file/ct2DHgl4NjNEyqOadB13ml/Reimagining-Power---Project-Planning) and figure out next steps for the project (Rowan)
		- see notes in figjam (blue stickies)
- ## Action items
	- [x] Rather distribute retroactive funding
	- [ ] Rowan follow up @Lewwwk about $2k transfer from SB to RP.
- ## Decisions log
	- Retroactive allocation of funds
		- Rowan $1300
			- 0x66Ab0BC088212195b0d9e9FEB12F3f93fF6f8fF1
		- Heenal $600
			- 0x3C41f941098681bfDb14ed423709CC7C29c1e5e6
		- Ananth $100
			- 0x6C7c3806B3CaE601b1D99c017E4592753ba8D41e
		- Decided by - @MBaldwin @Filsan @Ananth @rathermercurial @heenal @Rowan  
		- Transaction executed at [0xac50490297db46de4c539c183728b620cb05e86f52b7daaa18d44da0769dac49](https://polygonscan.com/tx/0xac50490297db46de4c539c183728b620cb05e86f52b7daaa18d44da0769dac49) by @rathermercurial and @Ananth 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
		- remuneration conversation - not just oriented to the most assertive people getting what they want and the least assertive people being left out
		- rotating facilitation

---
# **24/8/23**
- ### Facilitator: @Rowan  
- ## Check-In
	- ### Attendees:
		-  @Rowan  @MBaldwin @rathermercurial @heenal @Filsan @Ananth @Aditi 
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- Multisigs created (mainnet & optimism in addition to polygon)
		- ⬜️ POW-270 Multisig - Reimagining Power
	- Working Agreements & Cell state draft prepared for review:
		- ⬜️ POW-272 Cell State (DRAFT) - Reimagining Power
		- ⬜️ POW-274 Working Agreements (DRAFT) - Reimagining Power
- ## Agenda
	- Make a plan for funding for work leading up the the kick off of the Cell (rowan)
		- What tool and/or process to use? This stuff is hard - it's worth trying to do well. We have the Decider protocol to enable us to make a decision. Funding moving forwards would be a separate conversation.
		- Conversation is located in the #reimagining-power discord channel, in the "Retro Compensation" thread.
	- New cells - when and how? (michelle)
		- Next step after spinning up the cell is spinning up the stakeholder group so that it can set a Purpose. Then proposals can be developed from the stakeholder group or from this cell to spin up any further cells, as needed.
	- Day and time of meetings moving forwards (Heenal)
		- meeting times noted in decisions log
- ## Longer items:
	- Needs audit - everyone contribute what you feel you need from the Cell in order for you to successfully contribute to our work  (rowan)
		- Everyone added [core team needs and commitments on Figjam board](https://www.figma.com/file/ct2DHgl4NjNEyqOadB13ml/Reimagining-Power---Project-Planning?type=whiteboard&node-id=418-423&t=iUpT9skGgcREXgIn-0). Add more and review others offline.
	- Review Cell State and make decisions about priority aspects of it (rowan)
		- Defer until next week
	- Link to how community governance reimagines power, why important (michelle)
		- connect to stakeholder group, storytelling and core team and other cells that 
	- Project Goals, Completion Criteria & Cadence (planning/sprint/reflection) (Heenal)
		- ⬜️ POW-275 Project Planning - Reimagining Power
- ## Action items
	- [ ] Core team - review the needs in the figjam and update your own contributions. [https://www.figma.com/file/ct2DHgl4NjNEyqOadB13ml/Reimagining-Power---Project-Planning?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=tDkV9gapsIUlC01g-1](https://www.figma.com/file/ct2DHgl4NjNEyqOadB13ml/Reimagining-Power---Project-Planning?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=tDkV9gapsIUlC01g-1) 
- ## Decisions log
	- Put retroactive funding conversation on the agenda for next week's meeting
		- ✅ POW-288 Retroactive Funding for Pre-Proposal Planning Period
	- Meet next week 5-6pm EST on Thursday Aug 31 and then following that we will try 5-6 pm EST on Tuesdays (except for Sept 5 - tbd next week)
	- Post meeting decision without the full team - retroactive comp for Cell/Project set up. Those involved in the set up will add contributions and we can decide next week. (Rather, Michelle, Ananth, Heenal, Rowan made the decision)
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
		-  
		- Taking time to share needs & priorities prior to fleshing out working agreements
		- Collaboration around agenda helps to share power
		- Rotating facilitator role-owners helps to shift power

# 17/8/23
- ## Attendees:
	- @Aditi @michellebaldwin.eth @Rowan  @heenal @Ananth @rathermercurial @Filsan 
- ## **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- 
- ## Discussion Topics:
	- Review Cell State and Initial Planning doc and get to first version of Cell State (Rowan)
		- Meta activities - team meetings, communication protocols and decision making
		- Cell state review
	- Retroactive funding for initial contributions (Rowan)
	- Check-in nurturing of relationships and high bandwidth communication  
	- Finalizing Goals
	- Fleshing out Roles (eligibility, responsibility/accountability, authorities, rewards)
	- Project Completion Criteria
	- Cell State Proposal Prep
	- Reflections (if need to move to next week that works too) (Michelle)
Can we add a reflection at each meeting about "how have we approached reimagining power?"
Can we add a learning section to each meeting of any overall reflections?
	- Storytelling Plan (Heenal)
		- How are we sharing progress and learnings internally and externally?
- Decision - 
	- To adopt a version of decider protocol - rowan will draw something up and share with the team
	- To meet at the same day/time next week, and then decide future meeting schedule from there
- ### Topics for next week:
	- Retroactive funding for initial contributions
	- Finalizing Goals
	- Project Completion Criteria
	- Project Cadence (planning/sprint/reflection)
	- Storytelling Plan











# **8/8/23 - Kickoff Meeting**
- ## Attendees:
	- 
- ## **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- ⬜️ P-267 Initial Planning - Reimagining Power
		-   
		- ✅ POW-268 Clarity Workspace - Reimagining Power
			- Workspace has been configured and is ready to use
		- ⬜️ POW-270 Multisig - Reimagining Power
			- Multisig has been setup and is ready for transfer to the signers once they are decided.
			- @heenal has transferred funds from the Systems Transformation project into the RP multisig.
	- 
- ## Discussion Topics:
	- 
	- ### Topics for next week:
		- 















