---
group: dao-primitives
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-04-25
source: "[2022-04-19 - Weekly Meeting Notes - DAO Primitives](notes/dao-primitives/primitives-archive/primitives-docs/2022-04-19%20-%20Weekly%20Meeting%20Notes%20-%20DAO%20Primitives.md)"
---

# DAO Primitives Meeting - **25/4/23**

- Attendees:
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- Governance Docs & CELL doc framewor:[All In For Sport Governance - All In For Sport Documentation](https://docs.allinforsport.org/v/governance/)
		- We will need a code of conduct reasonably soon so that the dispute resolution processes can be built on it. We should work with community experience to develop this in the next few months. 
		- MEETING NOTES - We need to pass a proposal to include a member badge in community governance, and include members in the UNA. This will include a criteria for people becoming members. 
			- Community governance will need to decide who gets to be a contributor by setting the requirements of being a DAO 
			- Perhaps - you wouldn't need to be a member to do something, but you will in order to get permissions to do anything. So you could start by contributing to a cell and then log a contribution in Govern to trigger membership. Other community members (i.e members from the cell) can attest to the contribution (with a minimum of 3 attestations for example. 
			- We could possibly use gitcoin passport to avoid sybal attack in the community governance 
- Discussion Topics:
	- Review DAO Central collaboration opportunities (podcast etc) [https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1014337908272017538/1098391644816023642](https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1014337908272017538/1098391644816023642)
	- Check-In re: Polygon Multisig interface issues
	- Governance feedback / Participation incentives?
	- Plan for implementing early capture of contributions
	- Update on BwB