---
group: dao-primitives
tags:
  - meetings
date: 01-31-2023
source: "[2022-04-19 - Weekly Meeting Notes - DAO Primitives](notes/dao-primitives/primitives-archive/primitives-docs/2022-04-19%20-%20Weekly%20Meeting%20Notes%20-%20DAO%20Primitives.md)"
---

# DAO Primitives Meeting - 31/1/23

- Attendees: 
	- Review set up of multi-sigs and badging
		- Do we have a main multi-sig for Shannon?
			- Main multisigs - 1x mainnet 1x Polygon 
			- badger manager wallet:[https://polygonscan.com/address/0x0d352858bd4df5e659359c3525a697d9d948c8f9](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x0d352858bd4df5e659359c3525a697d9d948c8f9)mainnet multisig: Main treasury wallet - [https://etherscan.io/address/0x8FA66238EB372E348AA4071aA8a52B7565384D75](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8FA66238EB372E348AA4071aA8a52B7565384D75)polygon multisi: Identical treasury wallet[https://polygonscan.com/address/0x8fa66238eb372e348aa4071aa8a52b7565384d75](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x8fa66238eb372e348aa4071aa8a52b7565384d75)AIFS badger org:[https://polygonscan.com/address/0xeed76f3d0de104827357b37aa2f0ce3701e4ae28](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xeed76f3d0de104827357b37aa2f0ce3701e4ae28)
		- Can we lay these up in the gov state docs?
			- Is there information missing about where the $krause and gitcon grants funding is?
	- Review gov state docs
		- Proposal standards 
			- **Possible proposal process - 3 step process - 1. Posting the concept 2. RFC - request for comment on proposal draft (on Discourse) minimum 3 days recommended 1 week. 3. Proposal on shapshot - minimum 4 days recommended 1 week**
				- **We can shorted these if we need in order to make the operational decisions in the early days before it becomes the domain of operational governance.**
			- Gov state updater - just start with this
			- Leave CELL creation and develop it more organically with the community? Perhaps have a placeholder minimum viable.
	- ~Ideas for recording and rewarding work~
	- Layout for presentation at Thursday's meeting
		- I'm thinking the things to present in this week's meeting are:1. Outline of the overall governance model - 2 house model, CELL primitive etc (diagram)Gov state - even if it still needs work (and it will always still need work)2. Badging - voting, access control and a means to capture contribution for later rewarding3. Proposals - outline of the steps to create a proposal, get feedback and get it up for voting - badging as access control for discourse/snapshot etc4. Next steps for operational governance - setting up a session to figure out tooling as per the above conversation. 
		- undpNext steps - gov docs shared for review 
	- Minor issue: Need to figure out domain hierarchy for governance spaces. Currently, [governance.allinforsport.org](https://governance.allinforsport.org) directs to the gov state. This may not be conventional or ideal. GitBook domains also need to be reconfigured to match collection setup.Assets with potential domain configurations (and naming suggestions):- Discourse (governance.allinforsport.org or discussion.allinforsport.org)- Snapshot (vote.allinforsport.org)- Gov State (governance.docs.allinforsport.org)- GitBook Collection (docs.allinforsport.org)
- Tasks for next week - 
	- @Rowan  prep and deliver gov presentation for AIFS team meeting 
	- @Rowan  talk with Michael about paying for Discourse 
	- @Ananth Set up airtable to collect addresses for badges