---
group: dao-primitives
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-07-02
source: "[2022-04-19 - Weekly Meeting Notes - DAO Primitives](notes/dao-primitives/primitives-archive/primitives-docs/2022-04-19%20-%20Weekly%20Meeting%20Notes%20-%20DAO%20Primitives.md)"
---

# DAO Primitives Meeting - **7/2/23**

- Attendees: Ananth, Rathermercurial, Rowan
- Intro to guests
- Overview of project and work (if interesting to guests)
- Conversation with Meesh on commonwealth vs discourse 
- Review of progress and readiness for:
	- Gov state / Docs
		- @rathermercurial has been sick; progress delayed
		- Approvals registry staged
		- Need input on Gov state policy / standard
		- DAO overview needs composition; can @Rowan  write introduction?
	- Snapshot voting move - push go on proposal in telegram?
	- state.allinforsport.org - live
- Topics from last week to revisit
	- Conversation to figure out rewarding contributors for recent work 
	- Revisit Domains this week - then share with Michael - Assets with potential domain configurations (and naming suggestions):- Discourse ([governance.allinforsport.org](https://governance.allinforsport.org) or [discuss.allinforsport.org](https://discussion.allinforsport.org))- Snapshot ([vote.allinforsport.org](https://vote.allinforsport.org))- Gov State ([state.allinforsport.org](https://governance.docs.allinforsport.org))- GitBook Collection ([docs.allinforsport.org](https://docs.allinforsport.org)) <- Edited by rm
	- Follow up decision on whether to push go on discorse -