---
group: dao-primitives
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2024-03-26
---
**Weekly meeting notes & agenda for the SuperBenefit DAO Primitives cell.**

> Notes for older meetings can be found on [Clarity](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7):
> [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7)

---

# Meeting Agenda

## Updates

- Alpha testing opportunity for the hats claim page for AIFS. rather to update AIFS 

- Morereece starting with discovery calls - starting with DAO primitives 

## Discussion Items

- Plan discussions (below)

- Set up time to work on report outline

  - DAO primitives team to work on defining insights

  - Talk with Michael/Brent to understand the approach that the report will take and therefore what we will need to do to fold into that

-  Checkin on DAO primitives strategy for RPP

- **_Longer Items:_**

**Plan for WP wrapping up the WP project phase -**   

1. Drive discussion in the forum next week


1. Put together outline to share with the RP research group - on what we would like them to do.

2. Litepaper segments - in a google doc. Pull in Jeff to understand which segments he wants to focus on. Push these out via FC, Twitter, channels/groups, shoulder taps etc

3. Discussion


1. Core team (seeding conversations)

2. Then Research group

3. Close in folks - Windfall staff, SB folks, people who have already connected (stakeholder group, community members, people who joined calls etc)

4. Outreach - farcaster, twitter, shoulder tapps from research group etc


1.   - update the initial post in discord (first draft of the WP litepaper) to include the final draft and links to the 4ish different discussion threads that relate to the different chunks of the LP. 

2.  will add the Chunks that  drew up and add them to gitbook

3. Outreach - feedback from rather find out what communities will be impacted by this and reach out to them with a nicely chunked down version of the project and ask them to come and give feedback. Provide some kind of incentive for them beyond Protocol incentives (tokens)

4. rather finishing up the community docs - will include litepaper and LP chunks. If we can get all of the RG to share the Litepaper by sharing a link to the community docs. That way they only have to share once and we can leverage this all to push people into the discord. The litepaper will be wrapped by community doc text. We can add in the feedback form into this as well. 

1. **Report drafting - starting now -  complete by April 11**

   **Colab session with rather, Rowan and Naan (if interested) to work on getting a report structure outlined and plan its writing**

1. **NRCan Report outline**


1. **Short exec summary**

2. **Intro**

   - Overview of the doc and main points

   - Include the future evolution - we are just starting with the community

3. **Objectives and design**

   - Reference agreement and outline what we planned to do

   - The 2 communities we needed to engage

4. **What we built (outputs)**

   - Web 2 and Web3 infrastructure for each community

5. **Outcomes**

   - Engagement from SHG in conversations

   - Engagement from the community

   - Learnings

6. **Stakeholders**


1. Overview 


1. Initially it was assumed that we the LP approach would be driven by direct learning from stakeholders. But as the research unfolded we came to understand that:


1. Already done

2. At this early stage asking people about user experience was premature. This would come in the next stage when the detailed design of the protocol would happen. This would include user insights and testing for the interfaces that the different user types would need to interact with. 

3. As a result we scaled down the emphesis on on stakeholder engagement to a smaller number of people from key parts of the ecosystem who served the role of surfacing things that may have been missing from the existing research as well as giving the researchers an opportunity to flesh out their understanding of the dynamics that surfaced in the research 


1. Attendance of calls - small numbers but good participation in the calls. The numbers were pretty decent across the community. There were quite a few people who showed up to more than one call.

2. Engagement with Web3 tooling post call - nil


1.  Possible lack of interest

2. Possible lack of capacity - time/focus

3. Possible hesitancy in engaging

4. Possible confusion / difficulty in accessing the tools

5. Possible deficiencies in the messaging about engagement pathways 

6. Possible lack of understanding about the opportunities to engage e.g the $ENERGY token opportunity - - Stakeholders being professionals working in the connected industries and government agencies didn't really recognise the opportunity of the $ENERGY token and the potential for future ownership/governance participation in the development and use of the protocol

7. Leave space for people to engage with the tools after the litepaper is released

8. Small sample size: Engagement rates in web3 communities can be as low as 1% (typically \~10%) depending on the desired action & incentive. Our sample size was 8, meaning 0 participants should be expected under normal circumstances.


1. 

2. Include the stakeholders in a wider effort as the project evolves. As a whitepaper is created and there is more space for stakeholders to engage with the specifics of how the protocol will work. This will include broader stakeholders such as actual home occupants and things like interface/UX design and other specifics


1. **Community**


1. Once we get the litepaper released there can be more engagement

2. Then after a Whitepaper release this community engagement can increase. Creating more diversity and high context engagement into more specific aspects of the design and implementation 

3. 

   - Super early stage is hard to engage people in because there isn't enough definition. Post litepaper this will be easier. Generally a small, high-context team is needed to get the shape of the initial idea moving, then when there is enough surface on the idea people in the community can come in and build on different aspects of it.

   - Close in folks will help because they have extra context e.g people already close in to the superbenefit network where we can just talk them through the project

   - Note - there will be more to add post getting discussion going in the forum


1. **Conclusions** / next steps

  


 

---

# Action Items

- [ ] 

---

# Decision Log

- 

---