---
group: dao-primitives
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-17-01
source: "[2022-04-19 - Weekly Meeting Notes - DAO Primitives](docs/dao-primitives/primitives-archive/primitives-docs/2022-04-19%20-%20Weekly%20Meeting%20Notes%20-%20DAO%20Primitives.md)"
---

# DAO Primitives Meeting - **17/01/23**

- Review timeline items - discuss, more to add? 
- Review Financial and Governance diagrams
- Discuss initial financial rewarding and governance mechanism
- Review Badging design
- Tasks to get to completion for:
	1. Github/gitbook state
		- Guides in Clarity - only editable by the Gov team
		- Rather hoping to have it done by Tuesday next week for feedback
		- Proposals, policy questions, rules for updating gov state - still needed
		- Guide with outline of CELL nucleus for working groups list (Rowan to add a guide to the CELL gov state to add to gitbook)
	2. Governance badging
		- @Ananth to create org, create badges, collet wallet addresses 
		- @Ananth will own the Badger org to start - with the intent of switching this to being an AIFS multisig. In the interim we will set up a fresh wallet and wrap this in some badging to give the Gov team access to the seed phrase to the wallet. 
	3. Proposal set up - discourse, snapshot
		- We will need an ENS - for snapshot
		- Set up the same wallet as for badger and set this up with ENZ for snapshot 
		- Hosting for discourse - @Ananth to figure out costs
			- We will need a credit card 
			- @Rowan  Rowan to have a chat with Shanny and Lewwwk about how to pay for things like Discourse - possibly use a crypto debit card 
		- Operational governance could go 100% through moloch - with badging on the governance layer
	4. Reward mechanism
		- We can use badger to give people vouchers - that they can redeem later - 
		- @rathermercurial@Ananth@Rowan  Set up a moloch and do some testing. On a screenshare.
	5. Sobol
		- We will hold off on this until we have more cells
	6. Multi-sigs
		- @Ananth to create the mainnet multisig and polygon - Ananth will go on as a signer and we will figure out who is going on the multisig following this. 
	7. UNA wrapper
		- Have a chat though the above with @Lewwwk and then decide on when to do this plus what entities to include etc. 
			- Use the operating agreement that's hosted on github. No official status but can get started
			- Then we can do the official processing of the UNA
			- Dellaware likely best option
			- May as well do this straight away
			- Then go to Endowment about becoming a fiscal sponsor - question do they need the official entity status. 
			- Let's put together the operating agreement and then do the UNA asap. 
- Dates added to timeline items
- Tasks set up in Clarity











# Governance research project (rev1)
- Week of May 31, 2022
- Template
- **Meeting length**: 60 mins
- **Meeting link** - [https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09](https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09) 
- **Cell-founding do**c - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- **Fig-jam link** - [https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1](https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1) 
- **Original miro board** - [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/) 
- Notion base  [Notion Base for Governance Research Project](https://www.notion.so/superbenefit/Governance-Research-Project-a3ec9b41b04542508337877484457632)
- ## Attendees
- Ananth, Heenal, Michelle, Rowan, Steve
- ### Apologies
- Ash
- ## Checkin
	- Mad, Glad, Sad, Afraid... "I'm in"... "Welcome!"... "Pass/I'm in"
- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks/overview 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project
	- Got [latest article](https://superbenefit.mirror.xyz/unisNGUtHyRF7Zcp9CBbC-VhICOvVm0uzTFJUPX-Icg) published
	- What might DAO consulting look like?
	- Reviewing [governance research table](https://www.notion.so/superbenefit/a3ec9b41b04542508337877484457632?v=17626404280a4a1fbe99c4127a9a82aa) - much feels self-referential
		- What are the goal and values of different DAOs and how do these inform the governance structures, in service of collective action?
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	- 
	- 
- ## Longer items
	- Discussion of governance themes that are emerging. Sync up on ideas and directions coming from the research work. 
		- 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
- 
- 
- ## Week of May 24, 2022
- Template
- **Meeting length**: 60 mins
- **Meeting link** - [https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09](https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09) 
- **Cell-founding do**c - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- **Fig-jam link** - [https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1](https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1) 
- **Original miro board** - [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/) 
- Notion base  [Notion Base for Governance Research Project](https://www.notion.so/superbenefit/Governance-Research-Project-a3ec9b41b04542508337877484457632)
- ## Attendees
- 
- 
- ## Checkin
	- Mad, Glad, Sad, Afraid... "I'm in"... "Welcome!"... "Pass/I'm in"
- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks/overview 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project
	- Heenal- Football.xyz interested in some help to set up. Been through the KH accelerator 
	- 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	- Update on possible incubator ideas 
	- 
- ## Longer items
	- Discussion of governance themes that are emerging. Sync up on ideas and directions coming from the research work. 
		- Put notes and headings in Fig-Jam
		- We are Individually going to have a look through some of the DAO charters/governance docs in the Notion and look for interesting governance patterns that we are seeing, especially that relate to the topics of interest that we talked about today.
		- Also paying attention to what might NOT be showing up in these documents. What are the governance features/functions that we think are important that are not being described and that therefore might be just done in more of an adhoc way by these DAOs. 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ## Week of May 18, 2022
- Template
- **Meeting length**: 60 mins
- **Meeting link** - [https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09](https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09) 
- **Cell-founding do**c - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- **Fig-jam link** - [https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1](https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1) 
- **Original miro board** - [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/) 
- ## Attendees
- Ananth, Ash, Heenal, Michelle, Rowan, Steve
- 
- ## Checkin
	- Mad, Glad, Sad, Afraid... "I'm in"... "Welcome!"... "Pass/I'm in"
- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks/overview 
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	1. Post update and review ask (Rowan)
	2. Discuss linkages to Governance Conversations (Heenal & Michelle)
	3. Any other follow up from Rabbithole Metagovernance project - question for Ananth
- ## Longer items
	1. Review results of the week's research efforts
		- Learnings 
		- How and where to collate results 
	2. Talked about creating a useful framework for doing research and then diving into [Ananth's resources](https://www.notion.so/ananthnann/DAO-Charters-Docs-bdd21fd866264b2d9d4501ea1ff403c5)
- NEW: [Notion Base for Governance Research Project](https://www.notion.so/superbenefit/Governance-Research-Project-a3ec9b41b04542508337877484457632)
- 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ---
- ## Week of May 10, 2022
- Template
- Meeting length: 45mins
- Cell-founding doc - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- ## Attendees
- @MBaldwin @heenal @Rowan  Ananth Nann, Ash
- 
- ## Checkin
	- How do you arrive?

- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	1. Check in on posts
- ## Longer items
	1. Review Miro Board and get to specific activities
		- Decision - We decided to work on researching DAO structures via each person researching several DAOs and pulling out the key features of their structure 
		- We'll update the Discord thread with the DAOs that we are looking at to make sure that we are getting a good spread of different types of DAOs
		- We'll come together in next week's meeting to review and see where we get to... but stay open to discussion in the thread during the week to change course if it is needed. 
		- Example 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ---
- ## Week of May 3, 2022
- Template
- Meeting length: 45mins
- Cell-founding doc - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- ## Attendees
- @MBaldwin @heenal @Rowan  Ananth Nann
- 
- ## Checkin
	- How do you arrive?

- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	- Review post engagement and ideas for how to respond (Rowan)
	- Next posts in the works (Rowan)
	- Check in on how our Cell is running
- ## Longer items
	1. 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ---
- ## Week of April 26, 2022
- Template
- Meeting length: 45mins
- Cell-founding doc - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7) 
- ## Attendees
- @MBaldwin @heenal @Rowan  
- 
- ## Checkin
	- How do you arrive?
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	1. Updating the founding doc - change leads to something else and possibly nominate one person to do this (Rowan)
	2. Setting up posts - looking at Rowan's post. What needs to happen? Background images. Process of posting on Mirror, possibly framing as part of a series... (Rowan)
		- Can Mirror posts be edited?
		- How to do pullouts on Mirror?
		- What to do with the links?
		- Reach out to Michael to ask how to post to Mirror from superbenefit.eth - is this the multisig? Or does Michael control it? In which case, would Michael have to post this to Mirror himself?
		- Waiting for Ayusha to make the banner image
		- Heenal + Rowan meeting Thursday 4pm EST to edit
- 
- ## Longer items
	1. Discuss research direction and see about kicking off some research bounties to the community (Rowan)
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ---
- 
- ## Week of April 18, 2022
- Template
- Meeting length: 45mins
- Cell-founding doc - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7) 
- ## Attendees
- @MBaldwin @heenal @Rowan  
- ## Checkin
	- How do you arrive?
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	1. Review [cell founding doc](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064)
	2. Review and approve setting up on multi-sig (Rowan)
	3. ⬜️ SUP-240 Look into setting up a recurring weekly meeting template on Clarity
	4. Connecting the dots with the #governance conversations project (Heenal)
		- Rowan could be a part of the 3 panels
		- Waiting for Alex to develop framing/invitation to see what points of connection there may between the projects
	5. How to engage others in the project? (Michelle)
		- Heenal talking with Ash next week
		- Question of whether official bounties or how to reward contributors
	6. Walk-though of clarity group set up? (Rowan)
		- Heenal to report back by the next meeting
	7. Next steps on [the post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VRK7X3_kM06DwtIayPTrOUrjTziQPKK_Ra7L-3iA9zw/edit) (Rowan) 
		- Get to a finished first draft and then share with partners to give thoughts and feedback and conversation around it
	8. ⬜️ SUP-242 Discuss how we are going to reward ourselves and other contributors (Rowan)
- ### Longer items
	1. Discuss research direction (referring to research areas on [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/?share_link_id=949832188806)) (Rowan)
		- ✅ SUP-241 Sketch out the meta governance categories listed in the miro board 
		- ✅ SUP-243 Reach out to ananth.eth from rabbithole 
		- ✅ SUP-244 Reach out to cpoetter from rabbithole 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?