---
group: dao-primitives
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-10-03
source: "[2022-04-19 - Weekly Meeting Notes - DAO Primitives](docs/dao-primitives/primitives-archive/primitives-docs/2022-04-19%20-%20Weekly%20Meeting%20Notes%20-%20DAO%20Primitives.md)"
---

# DAO Primitives Meeting - **10/3/23**

- ## Attendees
	-  
	- **Regrets:** 
- ## **Updates**
	- Rowan had convo with Filsan and Aditi re: governance design. 
	- rather - #[stakeholder governance](archive/clarity/Tags/stakeholder%20governance.md) doc created. Do we need this for #[community governance](archive/clarity/Tags/community%20governance.md) and #[operational governance](archive/clarity/Tags/operational%20governance.md) as well?
	- rather - Generic group phase checklist created at #[GR-299 Group Phase - DAO Primitives](GR-299%20Group%20Phase%20-%20DAO%20Primitives) for ideation through organization phases.
		- Longer than I thought it would be. Does this need to be adjusted before moving forward?
- ## Discussion Topics
	- 
	- Feedback from last RP meeting:
		- Context needed around terminology, especially as names and definitions evolve. 
			- #[stakeholder](archive/clarity/Tags/stakeholder.md) #[stakeholder governance](archive/clarity/Tags/stakeholder%20governance.md) #[community governance](archive/clarity/Tags/community%20governance.md)  #[dao primitives](archive/clarity/Tags/dao%20primitives.md) 
			- #[governance](data/concepts/governance.md) #[reimagining power](archive/clarity/Tags/reimagining%20power.md) #[operational governance](archive/clarity/Tags/operational%20governance.md) #[web3](archive/clarity/Tags/web3.md) #[governance](data/concepts/governance.md) 
		- Assistance needed in onboarding, context gathering, other help to be empowered to contribute. Knowledge gaps and difficulty keeping up with meetings/conversations is challenging.
		- Greater focus on facilitating communication & relationships is needed, along with hands-on assistance needed to help SHG participants onboard to tooling like Discord, Figma, etc. 
			- How do we integrate this into the web3 onboarding workflow for stakeholders? - rather
	- Rowan - Review tasks for WREEP and make sure we have covered everything off and know who is doing what
	- Rowan - prep for RPP meeting
	- ### Topics for next week
		- 
- ## Action Items
	- [ ] rather - Wrap language project into #[G-294 Internal Coordination Functions](G-294%20Internal%20Coordination%20Functions), correlate with #[P-273 SB Governance Design - SuperBenefit](P-273%20SB%20Governance%20Design%20-%20SuperBenefit)
	- [ ]   rather - draft bill of deliverables for Possibilian and share in Discord
	- [ ]  ananth - sobol team management