---
group: dao-primitives
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-11-04
source: "[2022-04-19 - Weekly Meeting Notes - DAO Primitives](notes/dao-primitives/primitives-archive/primitives-docs/2022-04-19%20-%20Weekly%20Meeting%20Notes%20-%20DAO%20Primitives.md)"
---

# DAO Primitives Meeting - **11/4/23**

- Attendees:
	- Rowan, Ananth, Rather, Michelle, Heenal 
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- Review discord suggestions and feedback
		- Preference toward minimizing number channels in use
		- Preference toward focusing conversations into general-chat
		- Community guideline around channel usage and where/when addtl channels should be created
		- Hook up the Avenue bot to the general chat channel - to use it as a way to create rooms for emergent community conversation about ideas
		- Rather & rowan will coordinate to make updates to discord
			- ~Remove community channel and Partnerships channel from the Community space~
			- ~Swap out the partnerships-cell channel for the Partnerships channel above~
			- ~Change the Mod Lounge channel name to Discord Updates ~
			- ~Change the name of Ops-chat to "Cell of Cells"~
	- Review operational governance design diagram and reflections
- Topics from last week to revisit:
	- Re: States, PM/IM & Documentation:
		- How to move from "**There should be _xyz_ resource**" (relying on support staff to create something for me) to a culture of responsibility for clarifying our shared truth and understanding.
		- How to address coordination-scale ambivalence around norms, tooling, information-sharing, role clarity, etc.
			- Have a gov cell contributor attend CELL meetings to take notes & facilitate around cultural norms and CELL state development.
		- How to address ambivalence and/or lack of clarity around Membership Rules, CoC, Dispute Resolution and other "Soft Governance" topics.
			- Importance of creating a sensing & communication mechanism for calling out governance <-> operational divergence within comms
			- Facilitate conversations around social norms
			- hosting onboarding / navigating sessions
			- more humans needed in community experience
			- Incentives needed to further allocate time / coordination
		- Thanks to Michelle and Heenal for contributing to this discussion.
- Topics for next week: