---
group: wp
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-09-18
source: "[wp-clarity-meeting-notes](/notes/wp/wp-meetings/wp-clarity-meeting-notes.md)"
publish: false
---

# WP Meeting - 9/18/23

- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: Rowan**
		- 
	- ### Attendees:
		-  Ananth, rathermercurial, Lewwwk, Rowan
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- Look to get a request for funds by the end of the month
	- Suggestion that we run the main project management against the key milestones 
	- Resourcing side - looking to pool resources as matching contributions to initial govt contribution
	- Possibility for a research group coming out of a university masters programme 
- ## Agenda
	- 
- ## Longer items:
	- Discuss stakeholder engagement - Windfall, SB, Possibilian (Rowan)
		- Next layer: additional funders
		- Adjacent layer (approval/adoption of drafts/final): local stakeholders interviewed for input
	- Review figjam and figure out high level strategy components (Rowan) [https://www.figma.com/file/QrzB4UI06FPHkOng075fuw/Energy-Efficiency-Project-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=8Twinza8ijQr9XBU-1](https://www.figma.com/file/QrzB4UI06FPHkOng075fuw/Energy-Efficiency-Project-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=8Twinza8ijQr9XBU-1)  
	- Stakeholder set up 
		- Stakeholder group - Windfall (Brent), Possibilian (Michael), SuperBenefit (?)
		- Try to use Open Collective - if WF wants to get set up as a fiscal sponsor on it and handle the funs transfer directly. 
		- If we do the above, then all the stakeholder group needs is a discussion place (e.g discord) and a voting mechanism (e.g snapshot) 
			- We can be very light weight on the decision making for the SHG because the scope is very tight 
		- We can develop a token to use to recognise contributions, bounties etc. Perhaps use the new Hats EAS attestation tool. Need to be able to quantify the value. Perhaps track with points with source cread. As long as we don't lean too heavily on this as a way of getting paid. 
- ## Action items
	- [ ] Michael to take a look at open collective, and discuss with Brent about appropriate financial rails
	- [ ] Set up a stakeholder group channel in the SB discord
	- [ ] Set up git hub and gitbook as the place to follow the stages and feedback towards the lite paper (@rathermercurial can do this if needed)
	- [x] Set up source cred (demo) to track contributions @rathermercurial 
	- [ ] Rowan and Michael to jam on strategy outline/workflow
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection