---
group: wp
tags:
  - meetings
---


[261 Windfall - Residential Energy NFT](261%20Windfall%20-%20Residential%20Energy%20NFT) 

# 11/13/23
### Checkin
### Attendees
### Updates
- Funds should be in the wallet by the weekend 
- wallet page done on gitbook
- safe stuff
	- ens name
	- snapshot

### Discussion topics 
- Onboarding 
	- PSHG - Contact for tech support? and Michael programme support?
		- tech support: https://wreep.docs.superbenefit.org
		- Program support: Lewwwk & Brent
- Ens name and snapshot
	- For now, make sure we send tokens to the safe not the ENS!
		- eth:0x55dA8613c1e1a423C837338Ab265A244EF01fc63

### Decision log
### Action Items
### Planning
- **Setting up Project Stewardship Group**
	- Have the weekly meeting serve as the PSG meeting as well. The PSG can figure out its own communication separately.
	- Onboarding email / offer to NRCan people - ==be ready to do this for the 14th==
	- ~Agreement / NDA to be attested to by the core team and windfall~
	- Superbenefit scope - to be attested to by us and windfall / the project stewardship group
- **Mapping pilot stakeholders **
	- Windfall/Brent is holding this and is mapping the SHG and making introductions. BS will choose who they want to speak with. Brent will make the introduction.
	- Customer interviews list for BS to choose from - these will take a month
- **Plan for pilot stakeholder group engagement **
	- ==Have all Pilot stakeholder group onboarding materials ready for Brent to meet with Durham Regional CAO on Nov 14==
	- Brent will make contact with Pilot SHG members to onboard them to the project. Starting with the - Durham Region CAO (chief administrative officer)
	- Core team will manage the onboarding flow to the comms and feedback channels
	- BS will create an initial grounding doc (landscape of the existing state and problems). When this is done we will bring in the broader SHG we will push go on onboarding the stakeholders - probably mid November
	- BS's initial grounding doc - when it's starting to take shape we will move it gitbook and open up for comment and discussion in discord. 
	- Onboarding flow for discord is here [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298) 
	- Onboarding steps
		1. Onboarding resources including housed on gitbook. One link that can be shared with stakeholders and community members:
			- Link to join discord
			- Link to Join stakeholder group
			- Link to join project community
			- Link to basic information about web3
			- Link to wallet setup instructions
			- Link to 1-1 help
		2. ~Create basic "what is web3", including what is a wallet stuff - Jess has some library of resources to share for onboarding ~
		3. ==Figure out special considerations for indigenous communities comms and participation in the process ==
		4. Set up an Onboarding event - PSHG onboarding
			- 4pm Dec 5 for session #1 - for pilot stakeholder group
				- Set up calendar event 
			- Pencil Jan 9 and 11 for two followups - one for North America and one for Europe/Asia - these will double up as onboarding for community members
			- Put together post for launch
		5. Set up/finish onboarding docs in Gitbook
			- Project overview 
			- ~code of conduct + chathamhouse rules~
			- Design the language for setting the tone/context for the group. 
	- Community management
		- Set up management for SHG conversations
			- Calendar of topics
			- Management of discord groups, setting up conversation threads, encouraging conversation - assign going this as a role
			- Set up ability for anon posting
	- Wider comms/PR
		- Jess can offer help on public facing PR comms - perhaps do a 30 min session to work some of this out (from Jess)
	- **Formal temp checks at draft and final**
		- Snapshot for temp checks
			- Check with BS if they want to break the drafts into pieces to temp check it. (discuss this with BS at this week's meeting)
			- Perhaps use multiple ongoing snapshots that cover different pieces and then people change their votes over time
			- Try to reward people with tokens for regularly updating their votes on snapshot
		- Perhaps use Lore for the community group management
- **Setting up the project Community**
	- **community launch timing and requirements**
		1. initial announce post
			- what's going on and why
			- what's the opportunity
			- how can you participate
		2. set of conversation / discussions/ actions (stuff for people to do)
			- areas of activity
			- questions / topics from blockscience - put together an initial topic calendar to seed the forum with  - we can publish this to the Project SHG 
		3. might be good to send the signup link alongside all other outreach (feel free share and invite colleagues/broadcast etc.)
	- **community incentive design**
		- A token that reflects contributions and can be used in decision-making mechanisms - see [https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit) 
	- **community grant fund design**
		- Possibly have a fund that is governed by the community token holders. With rage quit for capital contributors 
		- Mix of potential funders - insurance cos, govt grant funding programmes, philanthropics, 
		- Ideally, we have an open ended vehicle. Need to solve the fiat conversion. 
		- Get a small lead sponsor - 
		- Some of the activity could be operationalised through a cell as well as being pushed out as funding to wider community opportunities 
	- **Investment/capital fund - for implementation **

# 11/06/23
- ### Checkin
- ### Attendees
- ### Updates
	- wallets?
- ### Discussion topics
	- Rowan - Getting onboarding docs to a good enough state share
	- Rowan - review incentive design, iterate and implement
	- Rowan - confirm any delivery dates on items in planning
- ### Decision log
- ### Action items
	- check with Jess on when to set the onboarding event for the PSHG
- ### Planning
	- **Setting up Project Stewardship Group**
		- Have the weekly meeting serve as the PSG meeting as well. The PSG can figure out its own communication separately.
		- Onboarding email / offer to NRCan people - ==be ready to do this for the 14th==
		- ~Agreement / NDA to be attested to by the core team and windfall~
		- Superbenefit scope - to be attested to by us and windfall / the project stewardship group
	- **Mapping pilot stakeholders **
		- Windfall/Brent is holding this and is mapping the SHG and making introductions. BS will choose who they want to speak with. Brent will make the introduction. 
		- Customer interviews list for BS to choose from - these will take a month
	- **Plan for pilot stakeholder group engagement **
		- ==Have all Pilot stakeholder group onboarding materials ready for Brent to meeti with Durham Regional CAO on Nov 14==
		- Brent will make contact with Pilot SHG members to onboard them to the project. Starting with the - Durham Region CAO (chief administrative officer)
		- Core team will manage the onboarding flow to the comms and feedback channels
		- BS will create an initial grounding doc (landscape of the existing state and problems). When this is done we will bring in the broader SHG we will push go on onboarding the stakeholders - probably mid November
		- BS's initial grounding doc - when it's starting to take shape we will move it gitbook and open up for comment and discussion in discord. 
		- Onboarding flow for discord is here [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298) 
		- Onboarding steps
			1. Onboarding resources including housed on gitbook. One link that can be shared with stakeholders and community members:
				- Link to join discord
				- Link to Join stakeholder group
				- Link to join project community
				- Link to basic information about web3
				- Link to wallet setup instructions
				- Link to 1-1 help
			2. ~Create basic "what is web3", including what is a wallet stuff - Jess has some library of resources to share for onboarding ~
			3. ==Figure out special considerations for indigenous communities comms and participation in the process ==
			4. Set up an Onboarding event - PSHG onboarding
				- 4pm Dec 5 for session #1 - for pilot stakeholder group
					- Set up calendar event 
				- Pencil Jan 9 and 11 for two followups - one for North America and one for Europe/Asia - these will double up as onboarding for community members
				- Put together post for launch
			5. Set up/finish onboarding docs in Gitbook
				- Project overview 
				- ~code of conduct + chathamhouse rules~
				- Design the language for setting the tone/context for the group. 
		- Community management
			- Set up management for SHG conversations
				- Calendar of topics
				- Management of discord groups, setting up conversation threads, encouraging conversation - assign going this as a role
				- Set up ability for anon posting
		- Wider comms/PR
			- Jess can offer help on public facing PR comms - perhaps do a 30 min session to work some of this out (from Jess)
		- **Formal temp checks at draft and final**
			- Snapshot for temp checks
				- Check with BS if they want to break the drafts into pieces to temp check it. (discuss this with BS at this week's meeting)
				- Perhaps use multiple ongoing snapshots that cover different pieces and then people change their votes over time
				- Try to reward people with tokens for regularly updating their votes on snapshot
			- Perhaps use Lore for the community group management
	- **Setting up the project Community**
		- **community launch timing and requirements**
			1. initial announce post
				- what's going on and why
				- what's the opportunity
				- how can you participate
			2. set of conversation / discussions/ actions (stuff for people to do)
				- areas of activity
				- questions / topics from blockscience - put together an initial topic calendar to seed the forum with  - we can publish this to the Project SHG 
			3. might be good to send the signup link alongside all other outreach (feel free share and invite colleagues/broadcast etc.)
		- **community incentive design**
			- A token that reflects contributions and can be used in decision-making mechanisms - see [https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit) 
		- **community grant fund design**
			- Possibly have a fund that is governed by the community token holders. With rage quit for capital contributors 
			- Mix of potential funders - insurance cos, govt grant funding programmes, philanthropics, 
			- Ideally, we have an open ended vehicle. Need to solve the fiat conversion. 
			- Get a small lead sponsor - 
			- Some of the activity could be operationalised through a cell as well as being pushed out as funding to wider community opportunities 
		- **Investment/capital fund - for implementation **


# 10/30/23
- ## Checkin
- ## Attendees
- ## Updates
	- Invoice getting signed 
- ## Discussion topics
	- Access to google drive
- ## Decision log
- ## Action items
	- Rowan to start incentive design doc to work on 
	- Ananth to prep the wallet instructions (loom and copy)
	- Rowan prep comms for the project stewardship group
	- Rowan prep comms for the pilot stakeholder group
- ## Planning
	- **Setting up Project Stewardship Group**
		- Have the weekly meeting serve as the PSG meeting as well. The PSG can figure out its own communication separately.  
		- Onboarding email / offer to NRCan people 
		- ~Agreement / NDA to be attested to by the core team and windfall~
		- Superbenefit scope - to be attested to by us and windfall / the project stewardship group
	- **Mapping pilot stakeholders **
		- Windfall/Brent is holding this and is mapping the SHG and making introductions. BS will choose who they want to speak with. Brent will make the introduction. 
		- Customer interviews list for BS to choose from - these will take a month
	- **Plan for pilot stakeholder group engagement **
		- ==Have all Pilot stakeholder group onboarding materials ready for Brent to meeti with Durham Regional CAO on Nov 14==
		- Brent will make contact with Pilot SHG members to onboard them to the project. Starting with the - Durham Region CAO (chief administrative officer)
		- Core team will manage the onboarding flow to the comms and feedback channels
		- BS will create an initial grounding doc (landscape of the existing state and problems). When this is done we will bring in the broader SHG we will push go on onboarding the stakeholders - probably mid November
		- BS's initial grounding doc - when it's starting to take shape we will move it gitbook and open up for comment and discussion in discord. 
		- Onboarding flow for discord is here [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298) 
		- Onboarding steps
			1. Email invitation including:
				- Link to public gitbook description of the project
				- Link to Join stakeholder group
				- Link to join project community
				- Link to basic information about web3  
				- Link to wallet setup instructions
				- Link to 1-1 help
			2. Create basic "what is web3", including what is a wallet stuff - Jess has some library of resources to share for onboarding 
			3. Figure out special considerations for indigenous communities comms and participation in the process 
			4. Set up an Onboarding event - PSHG onboarding
				- Pick a date for the onboarding session  
				- Put together post for launch
			5. Set up/finish onboarding docs in Gitbook
				- Project overview - perhaps make a starting page as this the first place to go and link out to wallet creation, discord onboarding etc
				- code of conduct + chathamhouse rules
				- Design the language for setting the tone/context for the group. 
		- Community management
			- Set up management for SHG conversations
				- Calendar of topics
				- Management of discord groups, setting up conversation threads, encouraging conversation - assign going this as a role
				- Set up ability for anon posting
		- 
		- Wider comms/PR
			- Jess can offer help on public facing PR comms - perhaps do a 30 min session to work some of this out (from Jess)
		- **Formal temp checks at draft and final**
			- Snapshot for temp checks
				- Check with BS if they want to break the drafts into pieces to temp check it. (discuss this with BS at this week's meeting)
				- Perhaps use multiple ongoing snapshots that cover different pieces and then people change their votes over time
				- Try to reward people with tokens for regularly updating their votes on snapshot
			- Perhaps use Lore for the community group management
	- **Setting up the project Community**
		- **community launch timing and requirements**
			1. initial announce post
				- what's going on and why
				- what's the opportunity
				- how can you participate
			2. set of conversation / discussions/ actions (stuff for people to do)
				- areas of activity
				- questions / topics from blockscience - put together an initial topic calendar to seed the forum with  - we can publish this to the Project SHG 
			3. might be good to send the signup link alongside all other outreach (feel free share and invite colleagues/broadcast etc.)
		- **community incentive design**
			- A token that reflects contributions and can be used in decision-making mechanisms - see [https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit) 
		- **community grant fund design**
			- Possibly have a fund that is governed by the community token holders. With rage quit for capital contributors 
			- Mix of potential funders - insurance cos, govt grant funding programmes, philanthropics, 
			- Ideally, we have an open ended vehicle. Need to solve the fiat conversion. 
			- Get a small lead sponsor - 
			- Some of the activity could be operationalised through a cell as well as being pushed out as funding to wider community opportunities 
		- **Investment/capital fund - for implementation **


# 10/23/23
- ## Checkin 
- ## Attendees
	- Ananth, rather, Michael, Rowan 
- ## Updates
	- Waiting on contracting official sign-off then invoicing
	- Hats tree is fixed 
	- Brent is onboarded to discord
- ## Discussion Topics 
	- what's need for onboarding into stewards and stakeholders
		- ML to create 'overview of what they steward group is' 2 sentences (as short as possible)
		- Brent for stakeholder list (ML to follow-up)
			- context to provide: project overview; community conversation starters; intro event -> maybe 3 times, 20 minute project overview + community tooling/questions (ML) 
			- pick dates with Brent and work back.
	- community incentive design
		- Could become a DAO itself 
		- A token that reflects contributions and can be used in decision-making mechanisms 
			- Possibility of using NFT minting with coinvise - where people can mint NFTs based on having received tokens. This could be time based
			- Perhaps have 1ml tokens for the community to figure out how to allocate 
			- Perhaps use Lore to as a voting tool with Lore wrapping a multisig. 
		- community launch timing and requirements
			1. initial announce post
				- what's going on and why
				- what's the opportunity
				- how can you participate
			2. set of conversation / discussions/ actions (stuff for people to do)
				- areas of activity
				- questions / topics from blockscience - put together an initial topic calendar to seed the forum with  - we can publish this to the Project SHG 
			3. might be good to send the signup link alongside all other outreach (feel free share and invite colleagues/broadcast etc.)
		- todo
			- launch post prep
			- discussion/topic calendar
	- community grant fund design
		- Possibly have a fund that is governed by the community token holders. With rage quit for capital contributors 
		- Mix of potential funders - insurance cos, govt grant funding programmes, philanthropics, 
		- Ideally, we have an open ended vehicle. Need to solve the fiat conversion. 
		- Get a small lead sponsor - 
		- Some of the activity could be operationalised through a cell as well as being pushed out as funding to wider community opportunities 
- ## Decisions log
- ## Action items
	- Michael to check with Brent about some dates for an onboarding event
	- Michael to create 'overview of what they steward group is' 2 sentences (as short as possible)
	- Rather to set up wallet onboarding info pages
	- Rather to set up a forum for the Pilot SHG to try out. 
	- Michael/Rowan write a launch post for community launch 
	- Put together a discussion/topic calendar for community channel
- ## Planning
	- **Setting up Project Stewardship Group**
		- Have the weekly meeting serve as the PSG meeting as well. The PSG can figure out its own communication separately.  
	- **Mapping pilot stakeholders **
		- Windfall/Brent is holding this and is mapping the SHG and making introductions. BS will choose who they want to speak with. Brent will make the introduction. 
		- Customer interviews list for BS to choose from - these will take a month
	- **Plan for pilot stakeholder group engagement **
		- Brent will make contact with Pilot SHG members to onboard them to the project?
		- Core team will manage the onboarding flow to the comms and feedback channels
		- BS will create an initial grounding doc (landscape of the existing state and problems). When this is done we will bring in the broader SHG we will push go on onboarding the stakeholders - probably mid November
		- BS's initial grounding doc - when it's starting to take shape we will move it gitbook and open up for comment and discussion in discord. 
		- Onboarding flow for discord is here [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298) 
			- Set up wallet instructions
				- Self service wallet set up - e.g rainbow
				- Put together simple instructions on how to get a wallet. Include a link to a 1on 1 to get help if they need it. 
		- Set up an Onboarding event 
			- Pick a date for the onboarding session  
		- Comms management 
			- Ongoing discussion - use discord threads. 
			- Perhaps set up a SB code of conduct to sit over the discord channels 
			- Confidentiality/NDA - not needed as they will only see public information - perhaps use chatham house rules in a code of conduct and setting the tone for the group
			- Set up a wreep only notifications page so that people don't get overwhelmed by the discord
			- Do other paring down of the SB discord work
			- Put something in the "choose a role" channel for what channels people want to see 
			- Design the language for setting the tone/context for the group. 
			- Put together a simple code of conduct that includes Chatham House rules
			- Include the ability for people to post anon. Set up the channel invite for people to be able to sign up with an eth address only, so they can register an anon account. 
			- Have a person/s who can support the right kinds of conversations in the channel
		- **Formal temp checks at draft and final**
			- Snapshot for temp checks
				- Check with BS if they want to break the drafts into pieces to temp check it. (discuss this with BS at this week's meeting)
				- Perhaps use multiple ongoing snapshots that cover different pieces and then people change their votes over time
				- Try to reward people with tokens for regularly updating their votes on snapshot
		- Perhaps use Lore for the community group management
	- **Setting up the project Community**
		- **community launch timing and requirements**
			1. initial announce post
				- what's going on and why
				- what's the opportunity
				- how can you participate
			2. set of conversation / discussions/ actions (stuff for people to do)
				- areas of activity
				- questions / topics from blockscience - put together an initial topic calendar to seed the forum with  - we can publish this to the Project SHG 
			3. might be good to send the signup link alongside all other outreach (feel free share and invite colleagues/broadcast etc.)
		- **community incentive design**
			- A token that reflects contributions and can be used in decision-making mechanisms 
				- Possibility of using NFT minting with coinvise - where people can mint NFTs based on having received tokens. This could be time based
				- Perhaps have 1ml tokens for the community to figure out how to allocate 
				- Perhaps use Lore to as a voting tool with Lore wrapping a multisig. 
		- **community grant fund design**
			- Possibly have a fund that is governed by the community token holders. With rage quit for capital contributors 
			- Mix of potential funders - insurance cos, govt grant funding programmes, philanthropics, 
			- Ideally, we have an open ended vehicle. Need to solve the fiat conversion. 
			- Get a small lead sponsor - 
			- Some of the activity could be operationalised through a cell as well as being pushed out as funding to wider community opportunities 

# **10/16/23**
- ## Attendees
	-  
	- **Regrets:** 
- ## **Updates**
	- @Ananth set up [SB Hats Tree (#30 on Optimism)](https://app.hatsprotocol.xyz/trees/10/30)
	- @rathermercurial set up [Token Gates](https://cc.collab.land/dashboard/874697948838101092/tgrs), [Community Role Logic](https://cc.collab.land/dashboard/874697948838101092/role-composition), (preliminary) [Onboarding Flows](https://mee6.xyz/en/dashboard/874697948838101092/automations), [Sobol Team Map](https://sobol.io/d/superbenefit/team/VKJgLwRWQN/overview)
	- @rathermercurial set up docs repo in GitHub & GitBook. Waiting on more info on BlockSci's approach/preferences before configuring community health files
		- [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/superbenefit/WREEP-docs), [GitBook Edit Page](https://app.gitbook.com/o/q4gQGqoLDMSfeK1Ur4jL/s/Hqn2HJt3kMFOCpAff1rC/), [GitBook Front-End (temp)](https://superbenefit.gitbook.io/wreep-community-docs/), [wreep.docs.superbenefit.org](https://wreep.docs.superbenefit.org)
	- NDA - when it's finished we'll add it to the wreep core cell and attestation 
- ## Discussion Topics
	- 
	- rather - GitHub organization. Unified or multiple repos for litepaper, docs, etc.? (this affects Community Health file placement)
	- Rowan - **Planning** 
		- **Mapping stakeholders **
			- Pilot SHG - orgs and people who need to be included? Who is mapping these and where? - 
			- Windfall/Brent is holding this and is mapping the SHG and making introductions. BS will choose who they want to speak with. Brent will make the introduction. 
			- Customer interviews list for BS - these will take a month
			- **Plan for engagement with wider group. **
				- Brent will make contact with Pilot SHG members and onboarding them to the project?
				- The we will manage the onboarding flow to the comms and feedback channels
				- When BS have an initial grounding doc (landscape of the existing state and problems) we will bring in the broader SHG we will push go on onboarding the stakeholders 
				- BS's initial grounding doc - when it's starting to take shape we will move it gitbook or something else and open up for comment and discussion in discord. 
					- Set up an ongoing conviction signalling mechanism to capture - 
					- Ongoing discussion - use discord threads. 
					- Post up litepaper drafts 
					- Confidentiality/NDA - not needed as they will only see public information - perhaps use chatham house rules in a code of conduct and setting the tone for the group
					- Onboarding of SHG
						- Perhaps 20 folks 
						- Self service wallet set up - e.g rainbow
						- Put together simple instructions on how to get a wallet. Include a link to a 1on 1 to get help if they need it. 
						- Set up a wreep only notifications page so that people don't get overwhelmed by the discord
						- Do other paring down of the SB discord work
						- Put something in the "choose a role" channel for what channels people want to see 
						- Design the language for setting the tone/context for the group. 
						- Put together a simple code of conduct that includes Chatham House rules
						- Include the ability for people to post anon. Set up the channel invite for people to be able to sign up with an eth address only, so they can register an anon account. 
						- Have a person/s who can support the right kinds of conversations in the channel
				- Formal temp checks at draft and final
					- ~Telescope bot (suggested by BS)~
					- Snapshot for temp checks
						- Check with BS if they want to break the drafts into pieces to temp check it. (discuss this with BS at this week's meeting)
						- Perhaps use multiple ingoing snapshots that cover different pieces and then people change their votes over time
						- Try to reward people with tokens for regularly updating their votes on snapshot
						- Ananth to check if it is possible to capture data from snapshot on changing votes - through flipside (this looks possible)
				- Perhaps use Lore for the community group management
		- **Setting up Project Stewardship Group**
			- Have the weekly meeting serve as the PSG meeting as well. The PSG can figure out its own communication separately.  
	- 
	- ### Topics for next week
		- 
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Action Items
	- [ ] Michael to send an invoice from Possibillian to Windfall in line with the payment schedule shared as part of the scoping doc
	- [ ] Ananth to set up a WREEP safe on optimism and add to the Cell state doc [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/52bd9983-0df3-434d-b6fa-3f50fcb65e04](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/52bd9983-0df3-434d-b6fa-3f50fcb65e04) 
	- [ ] Ananth to check if it is possible to capture data from snapshot on changing votes
	- [ ] For next meeting - have onboarding ready for the PSG on thursday 
	- [ ] Rowan - clean up notes for planning 
	- [ ] Ananth to check if it is possible to capture data from snapshot on changing votes - through flipside (this looks possible)

# 10/9/23
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: **
	- ### Attendees: 
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- Sourcecred almost done; will coordinate to push instance live
	- Government team - contribution agreement not a grant - so govt needs to not be part of the process. Lots of attention on the project in govt. Interest in the community management and tooling. They are a maybe for the project stakeholder group. Perhaps they will nominate someone
	- Hats tree to be deployed
- ## Agenda
	- Plan for blockscience meeting (Rowan)
		- Intro meeting 
		- Introduce the overall model and how we are thinking about the coordination structure 
		- See if they are open to using gitbook/hub for feedback on litepaper development. 
	- Next steps for other project stakeholders engagement (Rowan)
- ## Longer items:
	- 
- ## Action items
	- [x] Lewwwk move the ens to the wallet - superbenefit.eth
		- [ ] ananth to queue transactions after
	- [ ] deploy hats tree - ananth
	- [ ] (Rowan) Move planning do body to Project Scope section and flesh out to share with Lewwwk in advance of BlockScience meeting 
	- [x] Lewwwk to share meeting agenda, drive, and other docs
	- [ ] rather - Create GitHub docs repo and link into Gitbook space. Add overview
	- [ ] Lewwwk - to draft NDA
	- [ ] Ananth - have a look at EAS as a way of managing sensitive docs
- ## Decisions log
	- 

# **10/2/23**
- ## Attendees
	-  
	- **Regrets:** 
- ## **Updates**
	- #[dao primitives](archive/clarity/Tags/dao%20primitives.md) will steward development of #[G-294 Internal Coordination Functions](G-294%20Internal%20Coordination%20Functions) for SB cells, including EEP
	-  Key reputation metrics listed in Governance Implementations - EEP 
	- GitHub org created here: [superbenefit/sourcecred (github.com)](https://github.com/superbenefit/sourcecred) 
	- Agreement with BS in place. Windfall will contract with them directly. This leaves 20k to fund the project through SB
	- rather - Cleanup tasks in EEP workspace
	- rather - Sourcecred weights: [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/276](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/276) 
- ## Discussion Topics
	- Rowan - Review tasks for Cell State setup in figjam [https://www.figma.com/file/QrzB4UI06FPHkOng075fuw/WREEP---Coordination-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=228%3A822&t=Zj0v28heRzY8tXoq-1](https://www.figma.com/file/QrzB4UI06FPHkOng075fuw/WREEP---Coordination-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=228%3A822&t=Zj0v28heRzY8tXoq-1) 
	- Rowan - next steps for SHG conversations and set up
	- Rowan - next steps for project execution - 
		- wider stakeholder engagement
		- Setting up badging/tokens for stakeholder participation
	- Rowan - review system design
	- ### Topics for next week
		- 
- ## Action Items
	- [ ] rather - clean up Clarity task board
	- [ ] rather - will merge Figma tasks into Clarity for task management
	- [ ] rather - will deploy comms channels (in admin view) for cohorts and prepare for gating
- ## Decisions log
	- 

# 9/25/23
- ## Updates
	- Windfall virtual audits confirmed for Durham region 
	- Other virtual audit projects kicking off outside of windfall that can be incorporated into the research and project - likely 1mil homes in total
	- Created boilerplate for community files (Governance, Contributor Guide, Support Info, Discussion forum templates); Can customize and push to GitHub once it's made. (rather)
- ## Agenda
	- Figma - initial coord setup decisions
- ## Longer items:
	- Review project outline and tasks in figjam - [https://www.figma.com/file/QrzB4UI06FPHkOng075fuw/Energy-Efficiency-Project-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=9PnBeSXzvAvNNQ5s-1](https://www.figma.com/file/QrzB4UI06FPHkOng075fuw/Energy-Efficiency-Project-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=9PnBeSXzvAvNNQ5s-1) 
- ## Action items
	- [x] DAO primitives - Review RPP task request and discuss/approve/reject option to form a SuperBenefit operational function to facilitate cell spin-up, stakeholder relationships and potential spin-outs.
	- [x] Draft Reputation policies (sourcecred weights)
		- [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/276](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/276) 
	- [x] Set up SuperBenefit GitHub organization for sourcecred & prepare for transfer (rather)
		- [SuperBenefit (github.com)](https://github.com/superbenefit) 
	- [ ] Setup Mainnet & OP safes for EPP (ananth)
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection  

# 9/18/23
- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: Rowan**
		- 
	- ### Attendees:
		-  Ananth, rathermercurial, Lewwwk, Rowan
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- Look to get a request for funds by the end of the month
	- Suggestion that we run the main project management against the key milestones 
	- Resourcing side - looking to pool resources as matching contributions to initial govt contribution
	- Possibility for a research group coming out of a university masters programme 
- ## Agenda
	- 
- ## Longer items:
	- Discuss stakeholder engagement - Windfall, SB, Possibilian (Rowan)
		- Next layer: additional funders
		- Adjacent layer (approval/adoption of drafts/final): local stakeholders interviewed for input
	- Review figjam and figure out high level strategy components (Rowan) [https://www.figma.com/file/QrzB4UI06FPHkOng075fuw/Energy-Efficiency-Project-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=8Twinza8ijQr9XBU-1](https://www.figma.com/file/QrzB4UI06FPHkOng075fuw/Energy-Efficiency-Project-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=8Twinza8ijQr9XBU-1)  
	- Stakeholder set up 
		- Stakeholder group - Windfall (Brent), Possibilian (Michael), SuperBenefit (?)
		- Try to use Open Collective - if WF wants to get set up as a fiscal sponsor on it and handle the funs transfer directly. 
		- If we do the above, then all the stakeholder group needs is a discussion place (e.g discord) and a voting mechanism (e.g snapshot) 
			- We can be very light weight on the decision making for the SHG because the scope is very tight 
		- We can develop a token to use to recognise contributions, bounties etc. Perhaps use the new Hats EAS attestation tool. Need to be able to quantify the value. Perhaps track with points with source cread. As long as we don't lean too heavily on this as a way of getting paid. 
- ## Action items
	- [ ] Michael to take a look at open collective, and discuss with Brent about appropriate financial rails
	- [ ] Set up a stakeholder group channel in the SB discord
	- [ ] Set up git hub and gitbook as the place to follow the stages and feedback towards the lite paper (@rathermercurial can do this if needed)
	- [x] Set up source cred (demo) to track contributions @rathermercurial 
	- [ ] Rowan and Michael to jam on strategy outline/workflow
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection  

# 9/11/23
- ### Attendees: 
- @Lewwwk @Ananth @Rowan  @rathermercurial 

### Discussion Topics:
- Review Cell State (Rowan) 
	- [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/52bd9983-0df3-434d-b6fa-3f50fcb65e04](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/52bd9983-0df3-434d-b6fa-3f50fcb65e04) 



# **8/4/23**
- ## Attendees:
	- @Lewwwk @Ananth @Rowan  @rathermercurial 
- ## Discussion Topics:
	- **Notes from first call 4/9/23**
	- Overall objective to create a light paper on an NFT based energy sharing platform
		- Design - not a technical specification yet
		- 2 phases - 1 energy labeling design, what needs to be included 2. The interoperability component - how people can engage with the protocol
		- Windfall has the stakeholder group and can bring these together -
		- We need to coordinate the stakeholders and get feedback
			- Engage with the SH
			- Draft an approach - get feedback
			- Draft a final approach
		- Need to scope this as simply as possible
		- Talking with block science about contributing to the lite paper
		- This can explode in the different applications and uses of this. Can we design a coordination mechanism that does 2 things
			- 1 Design and delivery of the lightpaper
			- 2 Parallel process that engages with the stakeholder to explore what else can be done around the protocol - this is separate from the lightpaper
		- Core project focus is on energy efficiency in the Durham region. Designing for this will be the main focus of the light paper. The broader protocol (token and economic design) will be the parallel work stream
		- The first chunk of funds is for coordination
		-  design - this can include how we set up a shared resource pool that we can pull together to deliver on both work stream designs - This could include using SB's governance design on
			- 1. Participation in researching and delivering the lightpaper
			- 2. Pulling together stakeholders to explore the broader opportunity
		- We can carve out 20k ish for SB to cover the coordination set up
		- Perhaps Block Science could deliver the entire lite paper
		- Overall budget 140k - 40k to windfall for stakeholder and reporting to govt. Perhaps 60-70k CAD. This would leave 20-30k for SB + other funders that we would bring in
		- BwB or other could come in as a stakeholder
		- The stakeholder module design around this could be a looser design where stakeholders are brought into a "conversation" as funding contributors
		- Perhaps there is a mini implementation fund that can invest around the opportunity - creating an ecosystem of public goods funding around the protocol. E.g green municipal fund could contribute with the value prop being that there is genuine community governance around this fund. And commercial operators can use the protocol. Overtime we can build in a protocol fee to fund this in the future. Perhaps there is a dealflow aspect where funders get access to the projects developing on the protocol 
	- Meeting notes recorded here:  
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ms5GtsaiDoEgU8Qi1fK3gb-kFphV4VslsiVvOzux43o/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ms5GtsaiDoEgU8Qi1fK3gb-kFphV4VslsiVvOzux43o/edit) 
- ### Topics for next week:
	- 













