## Attendees
- Heenal
- Michelle
- Daniel 
- Jai 
- Mark (observer)

## Checkin
How do you arrive?
Jai - stressful week, shared a personal story of challenge
Michelle - good energy, Mondays tough
Heenal - flustered, relaxing weekend,
Mark - observing in governance role and has questions
Daniel - slightly tired and excited

## Checklist
Are you up to date on Discord in channels relevant to your role(s)?
- Yes for all, Daniel caught up a little bit

Are all task statuses and dates up to date on Clarity?
- Yes, Heenal did a review before meeting
- Jai - ready for next task, possibly library
	- Bounties and how they work would be helpful
	- Heenal to circle back with more feedback
	- Will use bounties going forward for tasks
	- 
	- Daniel  & Jai - still do not have access to full clarity 

## Metrics
What's your capacity for SB in the coming week?
- Heenal- .5-1 day
- Michelle - 1 day
- Dan - pluriverse task 4-6 hrs
- Jai - 2 hrs

## Projects
#[[149 Tidy up CXI Resources on Clarity]]- @heenal  
- Last week: clarity access for Daniel and Jai / all CXI meetings now tagged CXI Tactical Meetings 
	- Action: follow up on fuller access for Daniel and Jai
- This week: organize welcome party and town hall resources

#[[121 Develop & Publish CXI Bounties]] - @heenal 
- Last week: shared bounty with Daniel #[[153 [BOUNTY] Develop a Pluriverse Reflection Guide]] 
- This week: publish at least 3 more bounties
	- Weekly Update
	- Getting Started
	- Other
- Blockers: lack of computer

#[[77 Build Community Relationships *]] - @MBaldwin 
- Last week: following up with new Discord members
	- continued with 1:1 meetings - Victor Beausoleil, Jayne Engle, Tanya Chung-Tiam-Fook
- This week: Will link to launch plan
- Blockers: Scope of the launch, resolved at GC meeting tonight

Develop Communications for #[[74 Crowdfund - "Hello World"]]- @heenal / @MBaldwin  
- Last week:
	- Developed [ideas for launch plan](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/123bc9c8-b6de-4c76-9821-0789e823e417)
	- Tasks were established for this Squad:
		- #[[Publish "how to setup a wallet" content ]] 
		- #[[159 Publish a specific ask ("Time to get involved, your help is needed to share the news of our public launch") ]]
		- #[[160 Publish communication strategy, key dates, and link to copy deck and-or post content directly ]] 
- This week: 
- Blocker: 

#[[157 Add mini community survey to Discord welcome message]] - @MBaldwin 
- Last week:
	- Mini community survey - MB to do survey questions, Heenal will look at set up, need to keep it short, may engage Ryan if required - review CCS, DAO Social Club as examples 
	- Data analytical art piece of the group - Daniel experience this for DAO for entrepreneurial, NFT is sent as part of it - creates an inclusive nature - Action: Daniel to send info
- This week: Action: MB to write up survey and Heenal to do set up, need this before launch

#[[153 [BOUNTY] Develop a Pluriverse Reflection Guide]] - @Daniel 
- Last week: first draft completed
- This week: 2-4 hrs required this week 
	- Pluriverse shifted the launch date to Wed Jan 10 due to situation with ENS staff member's hate posts
	- Reflection tool - still determining options for facilitator so they could have options for visuals, written
- Blockers: I no

Rewrite Notion Getting Started page - @jai 
- Last week: Integrated feedback and published
- This week: Open to other feedback, live now
	- Heenal to give feedback
	- Integration of resources will be reviewed this week 


## Triage Items
What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?

- Change the regular day/time of this meeting?
	- Heenal follow up to confirm
	- We have PST time and EST time zones 
- Need to agree details, timeline and responsibilities for the following tasks:
	- #[[Publish "how to setup a wallet" content ]] 
	- Daniel may have some suggestions, send him some parameters
	- #[[159 Publish a specific ask ("Time to get involved, your help is needed to share the news of our public launch") ]]
	- #[[160 Publish communication strategy, key dates, and link to copy deck and-or post content directly ]] 
- what else do we need to do to get ready for the launch?
- Action: Townhall for launch with SB community and use Welcome Party for a set up your wallet 
- Governance mini-review questions from @remarkk 
	- What is the function of squads and guilds in the governance structure for SuperBenefit?
	- had set up MVP governance model to get started and used holocratic structure and established practice of DAOs
	- What needs to be addressed right away for launch?
	- What the community understands about the MVP model?
		- being able to understand the governance will come from access to clarity
		- Daniel - there is a GC, as the planning moving from ideas to actionables, there is discussion of what is most important elements, if actionable gets assigned to squad (or is it a guild) - bi-lateral too so can come from the community and need some approvals to move those forward
		- guild are open communities of practice, pools of skilled people, have those capabilities and skills that are articulated in the guilds, not responsible for anything, no structure to them, they are there to order squad leads to tap into talent and recruit or invite people to take on work, take on bounties or as a contributor to take on work
		- CE squad needs to be clear on this, grow a community of people who can contribute, the community as a funnel of those that are interested and connect and lean in, try something through a bounty, I have skills that can move this forward
		- Squads make sense - sifting of people into separate sections is needed at the size of SB, once enter guild they may think that this is there action area long term in particular if in gaming because associated to that world, at SB
		- Squad pages to be made public, and structure has purpose and accountabilities, if filled to that role and pursuing those accountabilities
		- Purpose of SB of this revolution, things are prioritized to get to launch to get to those purposes and priorities
		- Question probing for those filling a role, what they understand of their autonomy as it relates to their role
			- Daniel has zero understanding
			- Jai - some minor feedback from Michael, and published it and took responsibility, sees himself accountable to those in his squad, keeps in mind 
			- Information needed to make sense of ladders to the purpose and what it means in terms of current structure, has not been clear, and inviting them into a role, onboard them into the role and accountabilities and how they fit in the cascade of work - towards a shared north star and is it shared and aligned understanding of it and how it is being interpreted - and can improve, one way is for onboarding 
			- What does MVP governance mean
			- Community was asked to governance model proposal and only those who responded had a stake, as the community grows have the tools e.g. tokens so they can participate in community level governance and if impacts another squad dealt with GC 

## Checkout
What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?
