#[[weeklys]] 
# Week of March 28, 2022
## Attendees
@Lewwwk @Ryan  @MBaldwin @Rowan  @heenal 
## Checkin
How are you arriving?
## Active Proposals
Opportunity for proponents to share and get feedback on active proposals.
#[[222 Proposal for Governance Research Project (Rev1)]] 
#[[Proposal 4- Initiate the Governance Conversations project (Rev 1)]] 
## Active Projects
#[[151 Pre-launch contribution register]] 
- Pending updates by @Ryan  @flashlight @remarkk @heenal 
- Once complete will initiate a #[[46 Contribution recognition and rewards event]]

#[[Intervention 1- Mapping pathways to the future]] 
- OCAD team is engaging in the OCAD thread in `ideas-chat `they are looking for guidance, up to us on how to engage.
- Potential service opportunity: theory of change development for Krause House

#[[Intervention 3- Creating a Soul-Bound Portal to a Better Future]] 
- Lewwwk exploring network infrastructure based on FWB plans to open-source their membership interface, and related conversation with Krause House and OnDeck. May draft a figjam model of it.  Lmk if you want to help out. If there's interest outside SB might be time to spin up a proposal.

#[[Intervention 4- A Metacurrency for Metagovernance, Values and Acceleration
]]
- Lewwwk to draft a new figjam model to align components and start sharing. If there's interest, maybe spin up a budget proposal? Lmk if you want to help out.

#[[227 Project - governance design experiment #1]] (Rowan)
- Overview of fractal governance design thinking - notes are in miro - [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/) 

#[[Proposal for Contributor Guide]] (Michelle)
- Working on a proposal for a contribution guide for SuperBenefit with the support of Caryn Tan at Clarity that would both be of service to SB and would be open-sourced as a contribution to the ecosystem

#[[4 l's retrospective]] (Heenal)
- offering this exercise for GC members to complete asynchronously




## Tensions
## Other
Lewwwk: might be time to setup a core Rev1 budget. Thinking maybe 10k SPRB a month to be coordinaped among GC members. This would cover ongoing activities that fall outside of defined projects. Would like to discuss.
Yay Peter glad you are back and healthy - checking in about teaser video and any work for Ayusha. One idea was to have her capture the origin story (interview Michael and GC) but not sure if a priority 
Peter: being a roadblock
Thinking about keeping the lights on individually. Investment opportunities/possibilities (rowan)

## Checkout
What else do you need in order to feel heard or complete for this call?