#[[weeklys]] 
## Attendees
- @Lewwwk @Rowan  @heenal
- Regrets: @MBaldwin 

## Checkin
- 

## Updates
- Project: #[[SUP-257 Proposal SBP8- DAO Primitive Project
]]
	- Last week: 
		- Bankers Without Boundaries conversation. Community energy infrastructure project. They're looking into the feasibility of setting up a DAO..
	- This week: 
		- Putting together a one-pager
	- Blockers: 
- Windfall
	- Still waiting to hear. Expect to hear in a few weeks.
	- Possible Social Finance Fund (Canada) - could be pitched into if the NFT project comes through, and potentially combined with Rowan's work with Banker without Boundaries.
- CFC Conference Talk - web3 and emerging technologies
	- Small room but was overflowing. Heenal, Njoki and Michelle presented
	- Good questions from those who attended. We may see some people join SuperBenefit. The message around SuperBenefit's work is getting clearer. 
- #[[P-264 Systems Transformation Project]]
	- Last week:
		- web3 session at CFC Conference in Toronto
		- Planning for grant project with Reimagine Institute. [See grant application](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hNS_XkbsX_lLBVM3zg2vRaCfoUH6_8LOS6utdSk1TIg/edit#)
	- This week:
		- Confirm funding with OTF. Develop project scope:
			- Ideas for Experiments & Outputs
				- setting up a Discord to bring together diverse stakeholders
				- using this Discord setup to make decisions - and take ownership - on Reimagine's next steps
				- encouraging and supporting the formation of cells to take on aspects of current and future activities 
				- exploring tokenization of loyalty points, volunteer participation, etc to feed into reputation and governance systems
				- exploring moving the organization on-chain and/or creating linkages with other DAOs

# Triage/Discussion 
- Flowing funds through Reimagine Institute - do this with NFTs again? Or how?
- Reimagine DAO experiment
	- Consideration: Proto DAO vs instantiation of the DAO
	- How does value flow in, what does contribution and reward look like
	- 
