#[[weeklys]] 
# Week of January 17, 2022
## Attendees
@Lewwwk @AlexH @heenal @MBaldwin @Rowan  @Ryan  
## Checkin
How do you arrive?
## Checklist
Are you up to date on the discord?
- @AlexH Yes (tentatively)
- @heenal yes
- @Lewwwk yes
- @Ryan  yes
- @MBaldwin yes
- @Rowan   Yes

## Metrics
What's your capacity for SB in the coming week?
- @remarkk : Very low capacity!
- @Lewwwk: 1.5 days
- @AlexH: 1 day
- @MBaldwin 1.5 days 
- @Rowan  2 days
- @heenal 1 day
- @Ryan  1 day

## Projects
#[[74 Crowdfund - "Hello World"]] 
- Last week:
	- Artist engaged
	- Drafting of post initiated
- This week:
	- Initial draft complete, will share requesting comments by squad leads based on specific areas
	- First art drafts
	- Explore mirror process

#[[45 Launch $SPRB Governance Token]] 
- Last week:
	- No additional commentary received on allocation parameters
- This week:
	- Pause until launch of crowdfund
	- How to allocate tokens to contributors? Could be a piece of work for the community

#[[106 Theory of change - Map #1]] 
- Last week: Governance circle feedback integrated into next version of ToC
- This week: prep and share Miro board to community (with navigation and indication of what next)
- @AlexH to take the squad lead role in this revolution 

#[[Community Experience Project]] 
- Last week:
	- Onboarded Reflective Practice Coordinator
	- Town Hall, Welcome Party, Weekly Update, Weekly Tactical Meeting
	- 1-1 meetings
- This week:
	- Send out invite for ToC working session
	- Meeting Future of Good
	- Develop micro-bounty ideas

#[[68 Set up Information Systems]] 
- Last week:
	- Web3 library
	- Krause House onboarding
	- Draft new role descriptions (scribe, librarian, community guide)
- This week:
	- @remarkk Needs to schedule a call with BPetes of Sobol with @Ryan  and @heenal to get a download on best practice structure for governance, projects, guilds and the connectivity of the various systems.
		- @remarkk I think this then unblocks for getting guilds / discord structure finalized
	- Create Tooling guide
	- Complete Discord channel descriptions
	- Set up metrics tracking

#[[9 General Circle Lead invites individuals into Squad Lead roles]] 
- Last week: 
	- set up #[[discovery and sense-making squad]] squad
- This week:
	- to finalize new squad addition (investment squad)

## Triage Items
What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?
- I didn't have enough context to comment of the $SPRB token feedback (Rowan)
	- @Rowan  would it be help to setup a call on this specifcally or is there some more context you could use in #[[$sprb]]
	- I too felt that I don't know enough about other structures and felt that important to the transparency but trusted that you were holding values of SB
	- ✅ SUP-115 SPRB Design Conversation
- Discord video performance is often very bad. Can we fix it with boosts or should we switch to Zoom (at least for the welcome parties)? - boosted to next level, so will re-visit next week 
- Can the Community Experience Squad get access to edit the verify message in Discord?
- Current community members want to get involved and we need guilds sorted to be able to engage people, recognize this is in process.
	- Challenge of people expecting that they can help and us not having appropriate places for them to jump in. This will change as SB develops and has more projects on the go
	- We could share a "low skill" project in the help-wanted channel as an easy way for people t get involved
	- Even better:@MBaldwin Develop micro-bounty ideas

## Checkout
What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?
