---

# Meeting Agenda

Weekly meeting agenda & notes for the RPP Operation & Strategy Stewards team.

## Updates

- Call with CFC today (heenal)

- Bio-Muni update, please (rowan)

## Discussion Items

- Playbook instruction structure feedback: (rather)

  - [https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/playbook-structural-considerations-3342054248529809](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/playbook-structural-considerations-3342054248529809)

- Review knowledge base and figure out what needs to be completed asap (rowan)

- Review plans for Equality Fund (rowan)

  - Pattern doc

  - Notes from yesterday's conversation with Sue

  - Comms with Sue - next meeting

- RPP Phase 2 ask/plan (heenal)

  -  100k ask to OTF? or how much?

  - ideas

    - more gatherings, playbooks, experiments

    - impact investing (Boann)

    - locking philanthropic capital in protocols

    - web3 community foundation experiment

    - explore the convergence of AI & web3

- Needs for DAOs & Philanthropy Salon + Gatherings series sponsorship (rather)

  -  Gitcoin wants to fund an event series of gatherings to discuss a topic (generative discussions) - Opportunity to pay Open Civics to run an event as our DAOs and Philanthropy salon. Or be part of sponsoring the whole series. 

  - Rather putting together a few bullet points for a proposal 

    - Pattern for this type of gathering

    - Creative input/decision-making around daos and philanthropy salon

      - knowledge outputs from session

    - Sponsor spot / shoutout / credit

    - RTMP stream to our livepeer session

- ICS Check-In (rather)

  - Safe & ENS are setup - How can we support adoption?

  - Plan for working through 

  - Heenal needs to do some work on this and crystallize thinking. Check-in at OS Stewards next week or at Core Team meeting

- **_Longer Items:_**

  - 

---

# Summary

- Heenal provided an update on a recent call with CFC (Community Foundations of Canada) where they discussed the Social Impact paper, OTF update, and potential future collaborations like a "web3 community foundation" experiment.

- Rowan requested an update on the Bio-Fi project, and Rather explained the resolution of tensions between two Gitcoin rounds that were merged, ensuring fair compensation for the person doing most of the work.

- The team discussed sponsoring and having creative input for a "DAOs and Philanthropy Salon" as part of a potential event series organized by Open Civics, Gitcoin, and SuperBenefit.

- Heenal raised the question of what the team would want to focus on for a potential Phase 2 of the OTF grant, emphasizing the importance of aligning with the project's premise rather than just following funding opportunities.

- Rowan and Rather discussed reviewing the knowledge base, prioritizing the completion of patterns, primitives, and lexicon entries needed for the playbooks project.

Minutesüìù OS Stewards Weekly Meeting Notes üïû Started at 02:01 PM on 03 Dec, lasted 1h 25mCFC Call UpdateHeenal provided an update on a call with CFC, which involved Michelle, Manuela, and CFC leadership.The discussion covered the Social Impact paper, OTF update, and demonstrated various tools like Charmverse, Coordinate, Snapshot, Knowledge Garden, and Mirror.CFC was encouraging and asked good questions about their work.There was consideration of making a larger ask for phase two of the RVP, possibly up to $100K.CFC suggested the idea of a Web3 community foundation.Emphasis was placed on translating their work for the social impact space and sharing tools and progress widely.Bio-Muni Project UpdateRather gave an update on the Biomunni project, noting that two Gitcoin rounds were merged due to resource imbalances and overlapping work in bioregionalism and MycoFi.Some power dynamics issues arose but were managed effectively.The project resulted in valuable research outputs for the bioregional side, providing practices and primitives to document.A pattern for bioregional finance can be easily created from this research.The total budget was $10K, with Super Benefit contributing $3K.Outputs will be finished in late December and published in January.Playbook Instructions and Structure FeedbackRather presented a document outlining definitions and instructions for creating playbooks, patterns, primitives, and case studies.The document includes step-by-step instructions for using the pattern template in the knowledge base.The goal is to make it easy for people to contribute, either by using the knowledge base directly or by following the template and submitting their work.Plans include adding examples of patterns and libraries from other sources to help guide contributors.Philanthropy Salon and Gathering Series SponsorshipDiscussion focused on sponsoring a series of gatherings in collaboration with Open Civics and Gitcoin.The series would focus on capital allocation for pro-social purposes.Super Benefit could potentially co-sponsor the whole series, with an estimated contribution of around $3K.Benefits include networking opportunities, access to new audiences, and the ability to present their work on DAOs and philanthropy.Key requirements include creative input on the DAOs and Philanthropy salon, co-sponsor billing, pattern documentation for this type of gathering, knowledge outputs, and video streaming to Super Benefit's endpoint.RVP Phase Two AskA brief discussion on potential directions for the next phase of funding took place.Emphasis was placed on not just following the money but considering what the team really wants to do and what direction feels right for their work.There was acknowledgment of the strong thesis the project is built around and the foundation that has been laid.A suggestion was made to continue building on the existing work while also considering more radical, bigger ideas.Knowledge Base ReviewRowan and Rather discussed the need to review the knowledge base, particularly focusing on what needs to be completed for playbooks.They planned to go through the existing content to determine priorities and identify gaps that need to be filled.Discussion included the varying levels of completion for different entries in the knowledge base, with some needing more work than others.An agreement was made to create a list of priority patterns and primitives to work on.
