---
group: rpp

# Meeting Agenda

Weekly meeting agenda & notes for the RPP Operation & Strategy Stewards team.

## Updates

- ETH Denver (heenal)

  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13ABhBYJNpGB447Gv09TTJmlRg9toDT01iP4lJLQiTDo/edit?gid=0#gid=0

- Equality Fund (heenal)

  - [Notes from WW call with Nicole](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/equality-fund-experiment-mapping-12822297909348257)

Alex Tveit, keen to connect, Rowan will meet later today and will focus on the Infinite Front Porch project with him

Check with Heenal on Future of Life grant response, a few projects have been declined - confirmed SuperBenefit declined too

## Discussion Items

- Review funding options and make a plan for getting applications in

  - Funding possibilities

    - OTF

      - Options - get a smaller amount, change the timing, perhaps go to Doug and ask him to champion it, propose pushing forward with the EF/WW project next stage, present the yield fund idea.  

      - Interests - blended capital, systemic investing -  

      - Plan - Heenal to talk with Michelle first and then talk with Tracey. 

      - Possible Yield fund opitunity for OTF to partner with BOANN - Filsan pushing this forward to see if we can get to something compelling on the blended finance front.

    - Jumpstart - sports focus

      - Talk to Doug Gore - Michelle to sound out Doug and see what potential might be there.

    - CFC

      - Heenal will call Michelle before call with Melanie on Wednesday

    - London

      - Heenal & Michelle to discuss possible opportunities

    - Octant

      - Will hear In a few weeks

    - Alex Tveit

      - has lots of connections. not sure about access to funding. Michelle has a c all with him this evening

    - Celo/ENS Giveth round

      - QF round coming up at the end of the month. We should be get at least one of our projects in 

      - https://forum.giveth.io/t/loving-on-public-goods-qf-round-results-wrap-up-january-28-february-14-2025/1975

    - Deep research link 

 https://chatgpt.com/share/67c78e02-93fc-8003-ba5d-28227503a838

    - GG23

      - Rounds coming up that we should apply for. Tweet today:

        - @everyone ü™© **Save the Date! GG23 is Coming!** ü™©

 üìù **Applications open March 17**

 üöÄ **Rounds kick off April 2**

 Mark your calendars! üéâ

 **What‚Äôs New in GG23?**

 üå± **Quadratic Funding** for early-stage projects

 üí° **Retroactive Funding** for mature projects based on impact

 üì¢ **Applications open March 17** ‚Äì Are you ready to apply or support builders?

 üîó **Learn more & get involved:** https://grants.gitcoin.co/

        - https://polygon.technology/blog/1-billion-unlocked-over-decade-in-community-grants-program-for-polygon-builders

        - Arbitrum

        - 

    - **_Longer Items:_**

      - Discuss doing to the reporting for the RPP in parallel with playbook work so that we aren't scrambling to get this done

        - Reflecting on Collaborative Work and the Partnership Project

 Looking back on the year, we invite you to share any noteworthy achievements.  Please know that these stories are shared within OTF (with other teams, our CEO and Board) and may be used in our public reporting (e.g. Partnership Investments Annual Report).

 **FOR UPDATES IN FINAL YEAR OF PARTNERSHIP, please complete the following questions.**

1. What is the most significant change or achievement during this partnership?

2. To what extent was this partnership able to work towards demonstrating approaches that redistribute power and control of community investment to communities? **_revisit this to see if it is appropriate for the work that is happening_**

3. What‚Äôs changed in the environment, ecosystem or field of work over the course of the partnership?

4. What now? What‚Äôs next for this work and/or for this group of partners? If you‚Äôre unsure, can you share what you feel some potential next steps could be?

5. Share any stories, blogs, websites, anecdotes, materials that can help articulate the impact of the partnership. Include links/URLs to supporting materials.

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/charm.public/user-content/4a8cde11-bb66-460c-8631-d3f9d688f723/1d1bffe4-c6fc-48be-956f-e3d6884f1d52/27d79f37-49f6-4a2c-8296-634e2a4f55a7.png)

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/charm.public/user-content/4a8cde11-bb66-460c-8631-d3f9d688f723/d489a2d8-301a-4c5d-9a07-f85371c05ae1/17885a97-fc24-48da-80e1-7d8e48d79af4.png)
tags: meetings
date: 2025-04-03
---

# Decision Log

- 

- 

---

# Action Items

- 

---

# Summary

- 

Minutesüìù OS Stewards Weekly Meeting Notesüïû Started at xx:xx PM on ?? Oct, lasted ?h ?mabc
