---
group: rpp
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2024-09-01
---
_6th weekly meeting of the Operations & Strategy Stewards for the Reimagining Power projects at SuperBenefit._

---

# Meeting Agenda

## Updates 

- DAO primitives weekly meetings [page](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7) (rowan)

## Discussion Items

- Playbooks: what clarity emerged from our call yesterday? what next?

          - morereese is developing a report, which includes project plan, project charter, stakeholder registry & risk registry, and recommendations/next steps

          - We can get internal clarity on "What is a playbook?"

            - Rowan will make a first pass at drafting a definition of what a playbook is and what a playbook isn't and then we will collaborate on it async

          - We can find clarity on who is making decisions about what. Core Team make certain decisions and 

          - The bio regional finance group will form the collaboration around the pattern libraries 

            - Q's to answer: What's a playbook, what's a pattern library? What's the difference? How do they work together?

- What do we need for role [crafting?](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/rolecrafting-contributor-engagement-rpp-draft-1014468665611381#subtasks)

  -  

When to use a role? When to use a task? How to sensemake around these and keep the tree clean and legible? How to balance governance tradeoffs?

-  a role is useful when someone needs ongoing authority in order to get something done

- a role's useful if somebody's going to be stepping in and out of it or if multiple people are going to be doing it

- roles and tasks are treated similarly in charmverse - a role has an ongoing task with sub-tasks underneath it: eg with the OS Stewards role

- creating a task has an assumption of oversight (less autonomy) vs if they're in charge of a domain (role) where they create their own tasks

- we need to think about creating an Event Steward role - makes sure that the RPP is getting what it needs (eg DAOs and philanthropy salon. maybe also stakeholder meetings), make sure stakeholders (eg AIFS) are getting what they need, make sure learnings are being captured. this role could be under OS Stewards or a sister role proposed by OS Stewards to the Core Team.

Clarity around proposal flow, Core Team needs more clear proposal guidelines and gov process., 

EF Scoping call on Monday: what prep is needed from Core Team and/or Sue?

- no need to go through the whole facilitation framework, since we've had multiple discovery calls. 

- what we want to get out of the meeting:

  - 1) what are the key objectives that are actually achievable that would work well for Sue?

- 2) what is potentially in scope and out of scope for this experiment?

- We need to narrow down the scope of the problem that they are trying to solve. Perhaps a short report on the current state of the problem space. Validate the info we already have and given the problem space, what can and can not be experimented with. Then we can go away and find the appropriate patterns and propose them. 

  - Steps:

  - 1. Map the problem space that we have already estabilshed 

  - 2. Work out what is changable/experimentable 

  - 3. Go away and find patterns that we can experiment with. 

  - 4. Propose these experiments 

  - What capacity is available form EF to participate in experiments?

  - Next steps 

  - Rowan to draft up a plan for the session

              - 

      - Social Impact Paper: Chat with Rather about Web3 examples

      - 

# Summary

### Concise Summary of the Operations & Strategy Stewards Meeting (Reimagining Power Core Team - SuperBenefit)

#### **1. Playbooks Development**

- **Discussion**: The team discussed clarity on the next steps following a rolecrafting scoping call. Maurice will create a report providing a structured approach using project management. The team recognized the need to refine tasks related to playbooks and establish agreements on who would steward the process.

- **Key Input**: Filsan appreciated Maurice's facilitation of the previous discussions and emphasized the need for deeper reflection on assumptions.

#### **2. EF Scoping Call**

- **Discussion**: Preparation for the upcoming Equality Fund (EF) scoping call, focusing on the need for a structured approach. The call will explore potential Web 3 experiments to improve EF's current grant-making processes, which are labor-intensive and not scalable.

- **Key Input**: Rather highlighted the challenges EF faces, such as the inefficiency of their manual processes, and the importance of data privacy. The team aims to narrow down potential experimentation areas during the call.

#### **3. Progress Report**

- **Discussion**: The progress report was briefly mentioned, with Rowan suggesting that meeting notes be integrated directly into the report to ensure consistency and up-to-date tracking.

#### **4. Social Impact Paper & Web 3 Integration**

- **Discussion**: Filsan and Manuela are working on a longer version of the social impact paper, and Rather agreed to provide Web 3 examples. This will help align the paper with relevant decentralized solutions.

#### **5. Gatherings Program Coordination**

- **Discussion**: Rather introduced the Gatherings program coordination and the need for event management roles. The team is considering funding options and roles for overseeing event logistics, particularly in relation to the All In For Sport initiative.

#### **6. Rolecrafting and Event Coordination**

- **Discussion**: The team discussed the creation of new roles, including for event facilitation, and reflected on how tasks and roles should be differentiated. Rather explained how roles carry ongoing authority, while tasks are more specific and time-bound.

Minutes1. Playbooks DiscussionFacilitator: Rowan YeomanContext: The discussion began with Rowan asking for updates and reflections on the clarity achieved from a recent scoping call related to the development of playbooks. Heenal had put the topic on the agenda, mentioning that they hadn't fully reflected on the call's outcomes. Heenal raised the open question of whether the team had reached a point of clarity regarding the next steps in crafting playbooks.Heenal's Input: Heenal emphasized that the call had gone well, but asked if anyone had experienced any "lightbulb" moments after reflecting on the conversation. They questioned whether Maurice, who was responsible for producing a report, had enough input to move forward. Heenal also wondered if there was anything the group should provide to support Maurice in completing the report.Rather Mercurial's Input: Rather responded by stating that Maurice would be producing the report and that the next steps for the team would focus on their own responsibilities. Rather believed that the report would serve as a project management document, laying the groundwork for the team to build upon. They suggested that the core team needed to start thinking about the basic agreements surrounding the playbooks, such as who would be stewarding the process and how decisions about playbook development would be made.Rowan’s Input: Rowan agreed with Rather, mentioning that the report would serve as a guide but that the team should also begin refining tasks related to the playbooks while awaiting Maurice’s deliverables. Rowan asked whether it would be beneficial to start building the strategy now or wait for the report. He expressed his inclination to hold off until Maurice’s project plan was ready, as the report might provide a more structured foundation.Filsan’s Input: Filsan commented that the questions raised during the call had helped the team reflect on their assumptions. They appreciated how the discussion had highlighted differing visions and perspectives on the approach to playbooks. Filsan noted that the report would be helpful in solidifying these perspectives and creating alignment across the team.Further Discussion: The group discussed the need for defining what exactly constitutes a playbook, what it is not, and who would hold decision-making power during its creation. They all agreed that Maurice’s input would help clarify the scope but also recognized the importance of creating a shared definition of what a playbook entails within their context. Rather emphasized that while Maurice’s report would give project management structure, the team would still need to determine operational definitions and make key decisions internally.Rather’s Conclusion: Rather summarized the next steps, suggesting that the team define their agreements around the playbooks and establish who would steward the process. Rather also mentioned Maurice’s inclusion of a project plan, project charter, risk registry, and stakeholder registry in his report, and recommended that the team begin work on items not covered in the report, like defining playbooks more concretely.2. EF (Equality Fund) Scoping CallFacilitator: HeenalContext: Heenal raised the topic of the upcoming EF scoping call, scheduled for Monday, asking the group if there was a plan for the call and who would be leading it. Michelle had expressed some concerns in a recent Discord chat, and the group needed to clarify the next steps for organizing the meeting.Heenal’s Input: Heenal asked whether Michelle was still leading the call or if the responsibility had shifted to the core team. Heenal also mentioned the potential need for a framework for scoping calls, which could help streamline future discussions. They sought input from the team on how to approach the upcoming call with Equality Fund.Filsan’s Input: Filsan offered her perspective, suggesting that the team needed a structured approach for scoping calls to help facilitate productive conversations. She asked Rather to share any insights from previous scoping calls that might inform the framework for the upcoming meeting. Filsan noted that, in her experience, having a plan or framework was beneficial for such calls, particularly when trying to guide the conversation in a productive direction.Rather’s Input: Rather provided detailed insights from past scoping calls, explaining that Equality Fund (EF) had significant systems already in place for managing their grant-making processes, but they were facing issues of scalability and efficiency. Rather explained how EF was struggling with information management due to their manual processing of grant applications, which involved a significant amount of surge labor. He emphasized EF’s need to augment these systems while maintaining data privacy and security. Rather suggested that the team’s goal for the call should be to understand the constraints and define what areas of EF’s operations could realistically be experimented with.Rowan’s Input: Rowan reflected on Rather’s comments, emphasizing that the upcoming call should focus on narrowing down the scope of potential experiments. He proposed that the team should validate the problem space based on the information they had gathered so far, and then explore what specific aspects of EF’s processes could be tested or improved. Rowan reiterated the importance of focusing the discussion on areas where EF was willing to experiment and what the team’s objectives should be for those experiments.Filsan’s Input: Filsan chimed in, expressing concerns about the limited time available for the call (one hour) and the need to ensure that it remained focused. They mentioned that Sue from EF had previously talked about running parallel grant-making processes and wondered whether that idea would be a focal point for the call. Filsan suggested that the team might need to confirm Sue’s expectations for the call to ensure alignment.Heenal’s Conclusion: Heenal summarized the discussion by stating that the team should approach the call with a clear idea of what they needed to accomplish: validate the problem space, clarify the areas for experimentation, and agree on the objectives for any future work. Heenal also suggested coordinating with Michelle ahead of time to ensure everyone was aligned on the call’s objectives.3. Progress Report UpdateFacilitator: Rowan YeomanContext: The progress report was not reviewed in detail during the meeting. However, Rowan brought it up briefly, suggesting that the team ensure that all relevant updates are incorporated into the report and that it be used as a tool to track progress across multiple initiatives.Rowan’s Input: Rowan proposed that the team could streamline their process by integrating meeting notes directly into the progress report, rather than maintaining separate documentation. He suggested that doing so would allow for a more cohesive overview of the team’s activities and ensure that nothing fell through the cracks.Rather’s Input: Rather agreed, stating that it would be helpful to keep the progress report updated, particularly as the team moved through different stages of playbook development and rolecrafting. They noted that using the report as a central repository for updates would improve accountability and transparency across the team.4. Social Impact Paper & Web 3 ExamplesFacilitator: FilsanContext: Filsan and Yla were working on a longer version of the social impact paper and Canva template, and they sought input from the group on incorporating Web 3 examples into the document.Filsan’s Input: Filsan mentioned that she and Yla were finalizing the structure of the paper and asked for examples of Web 3 solutions that could be highlighted in the context of social impact. She proposed that Rather meet with them to discuss possible examples that would align with the themes of the paper.Rather’s Input: Rather agreed to meet with Filsan and Yla to go over the Web 3 examples. Rather mentioned that they had several potential case studies and examples from previous projects that could be relevant to the paper. They offered to share these examples during a one-on-one meeting to ensure that they were fully aligned with the paper’s goals.Heenal’s Input: Heenal supported the idea of integrating Web 3 examples into the paper, particularly in areas that highlight community engagement and decentralized decision-making. Heenal suggested that these examples could serve as valuable case studies to showcase the potential of Web 3 in driving social impact.5. Gatherings Program & Event CoordinationFacilitator: RatherContext: Rather introduced the topic of coordinating the Gatherings program, a project associated with the All In For Sport initiative. The discussion focused on the logistical challenges of managing the Gatherings and the potential need to fund the program.Rather’s Input: Rather explained that the Gatherings program was part of the broader strategy for community engagement and knowledge sharing. They noted that the program was still in its early stages and might require additional funding to fully launch. Rather also emphasized the need for event facilitation roles to manage the logistics of the Gatherings.Rowan’s Input: Rowan asked about the coordination between the Gatherings program and the team’s other initiatives, such as playbooks and community events. He wanted to ensure that the team had clarity on how these projects overlapped and what resources were needed to support both efforts.Filsan’s Input: Filsan expressed support for the Gatherings program, mentioning that it could be a valuable opportunity for the team to showcase their work and engage with a wider audience. However, they agreed with Rather that more coordination and planning would be needed to ensure its success.6. Timeline for Maurice’s ReportFacilitator: RatherContext: Rather brought up the timeline for Maurice’s report on playbooks, noting that Maurice had personal commitments that might delay the report’s completion. However, the team acknowledged that waiting for the report was essential for structuring their next steps.Rather’s Input: Rather mentioned that Maurice had not provided a specific timeline for when the report would be ready. However, Rather offered to reach out to Maurice for an update without pressuring him, given his personal obligations.Heenal’s Input: Heenal agreed that it would be best to reach out to Maurice for a timeline, but to do so in a way that respected his personal circumstances. Heenal also reiterated the importance of the report for moving forward with playbook development, as the team was currently in a holding pattern waiting for Maurice’s input.Meeting adjourned.
