---
group: rpp

# Meeting Agenda

Weekly meeting agenda & notes for the RPP Operation & Strategy Stewards team.

## Updates

- Stephen Reid "Technolgical Metamodernism" course (open-sourced): https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a3xYCTvdNcmEgtjeSavCuAehrVmDN_RhJTqoRZ-ZzlM/edit

## Discussion Items

- Discussion including Michelle - review  doc and discuss possible directions (rowan)

  - "Reimagining Power: Participatory Grantmaking + DisCO Dancing" slideshow

    - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1jb3gwvavrLGcsmRdTLlFYo4U91_Ui13Ibhsg7cCobbc/edit

    - [Slide 18](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1jb3gwvavrLGcsmRdTLlFYo4U91_Ui13Ibhsg7cCobbc/edit#slide=id.g130f1ce580f_1_23) on EF values and what they want to get out of this. 

    - Look at streaming quadratic funding MACI - the applications need to be private and the voting can be public (or private) this is different from what is usual in Web3. There are many folks that are interested in building the tech to deliver things like this. 

  - Links between AI + Data sovereignty, Data mobilization, Equity (spec. community-gen/owned data, pushing decisions to those impacted(highlight governance modularity/orchestration), privacy, trust transparency (honoring trust placed in orgs by communties providing data), )

  - Perhaps have a gathering where Sue/we present the ideas that EF are interested to push forward with over time, and the experiment that we are pushing forward with. Perhaps do this in December (this is an RPP programme deliverable!). Michelle will bring this up at the next Core team meeting. 

- From Stakeholder meeting yesterday - Review Gatherings strategy and talk through how we want to contribute to the sessions we will be involved in  . Looking to do the first session on governance with SB leading (rowan)

  - Possible role or bounty for creating supporting knowledge for gatherings

    - Articles on topics for any needed presentations

    - Smol presentation outline on topic

- Discuss what is needed for contribution to the Bio-muni collaboration - (rowan)

  - https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1014337908272017538/1291474165987020830

- Review Playbook components research and sense-make on what is needed for this (rowan)

  -  

- Publishing strategy for social impact paper (and future artifacts) (heenal)

  - paragraph for papers - Heenal will set up from CX safe

  - mirror for blogs

- Discretionary spending: (rather)

  - 300 USDC for Scott Morris (Consulting for ICS)

  - Small payment for Jose?

    - Create a task for Jose to support the creation of an onboarding survey - 

      - Link the task to this: 

- **_Longer Items:_**

  - 

tags: meetings
date: 2024-10-08
---

# Decision Log

- Create onboarding task to gather feedback from onboardees. Collab with Jose. Bounty $200

- Agreed to allocate $300 USDC Scott Morris for consulting for ICS

- Heenal set up paragraph account from the CX Safe

---

# Action Items

- 

---

# Summary

- 

Minutesüìù OS Stewards Weekly Meeting Notesüïû Started at xx:xx PM on ?? Oct, lasted ?h ?mabc
