---
group: rpp
---

# Meeting Agenda

Weekly meeting agenda & notes for the RPP Operation & Strategy Stewards team.

**[This week's progress report](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/o-s-progress-report-week-11-16855394917481137)**

## Updates

- playbooks

  - finishing up playbooks components doc  

- finishing up EF discovery report 

- Gatherings docs are shared  

  - Met today with Love Football. They are keen to be involved with Gatherings 

  - Community experience call tomorrow to move gatherings forward

  - idea of a "session 0" 

    - introduce the people involved, how all this came together

    - could invite josh (TBS) to give a presentation on coordi-nations

- Funds from jumpstart have landed ($10K). OTF funds should be incoming

  - AIFS needs to pass a governance proposal and then transfer the funds to the CX safe. the proposal can give info of the gatherings project and delegate authorities to manage funds and make decisions. rather will spin up a proposal and put it on commonwealth.

- Update for OTF (heenal)

  -  

    - rather & rowan to review

    - move "convergence of web3 & AI" to current work and future plan could include a deliverable providing practical guidelines for communities to implement data in ways that allow them to positively leverage Web3 AI. Such that they can leverage this in useful ways in the future 

- Playbooks - rather to complete the playbooks components doc/task and share it into the open civics group and see what interest there is to participate  

## Discussion Items

- Role Approval (heenal)

  -  

  -  

- 

- **_Longer Items:_**

  - 

tags: meetings
date: 2024-10-15
---

# Decision Log

- Approved budget of $600 for  

---

# Action Items

-  to adjust "fundable outcomes" portion of OTF progress report as discussed related to AI.

-  to put up on the AIFS commonwealth to start the proposal process to have the Gatherings fund to be custodied and administered by SB's Community Experience cell

---

# Summary

- The team discussed the need to define key terms like "playbook", "pattern", and "practice" to ensure alignment within the team and with external collaborators.

- A bounty of $600 was proposed and approved for research to define these terms and gather examples from existing playbooks.

- The team discussed the budget and timeline for the upcoming series of five gatherings, considering factors like compensation for roles, software costs, and potential speaker fees.

- The idea of having a "Session Zero" before the main gatherings was proposed, to provide context and background information to attendees.

- The team explored the convergence of Web3 and AI, recognizing the importance of open protocols and data sovereignty in shaping the ethical development of AI.

- The Equality Fund discovery report was discussed, with plans to review and identify potential patterns and recommendations for future activities.

- The approval process for the Media Manager and Event Facilitator roles was clarified, with the Community Experience team having the authority to approve these roles.

- The team discussed the potential involvement of external experts in the gatherings, and the need to budget for creating artifacts and resources from their contributions.

- The team considered adjusting the timeline and cadence of the gatherings to optimize resource allocation and maintain momentum.

- The team discussed the need to document patterns and recommendations for the Equality Fund, with plans to schedule a dedicated meeting to review the discovery report and identify potential patterns.

Minutesüìù OS Stewards Weekly Meeting Notes üïû Started at 02:02 PM on 15 Oct, lasted 1h 45mGatherings Initiative UpdatesA meeting was held with Love Football, who expressed interest in participating in the gatherings. This was described as good relationship building, though specific collaboration details were not yet determined.A community experience meeting is scheduled for the following day.The gatherings are taking shape, with ongoing discussions about the November timeline. There is a balance between those eager to start and the need for thorough preparation and publicity.The first gathering is planned to be an introduction to Web3 and its connection to impact. This will include a discussion of the Regenerative Protocol Pool (RPP) in general terms.The second gathering will focus on community governance, which aligns with Love Football's interests.The first $10,000 check from Jumpstart for the gatherings has been received. Another $10,000 from OTF is expected within the next week or two.The funds are intended to go into the community experience wallet, which had been set up for this purpose.Session Zero ProposalCreating a 'Session Zero' to precede the gathering series was suggested. This would be similar to the initial stakeholder call done for Windfall, providing an evergreen resource for context.It would include background on All in for Sport, an explanation of how the initiative came together, and introductions to the organizations involved.The team agreed that this was a good idea, with a suggestion that it could be a test run with some 'friendlies' invited, without needing all systems fully implemented.OTF Progress Update DocumentSignificant work was put into tidying up the document, though there is still room for improvement.A meeting with Tracy is scheduled for November 4th at 3 pm Eastern Time.An offer was made to work on making the strategic opportunities section more coherent, focusing on alignment with goals and future plans.The inclusion of AI and Web3 convergence in the document was discussed. It was suggested to frame it as part of the fundamental architecture being discussed, rather than as a separate topic.Approval of Media Manager and Event Facilitator RolesClarification was provided that these roles should be approved by the Community Experience (CX) team rather than the core team, as the CX team is funding the roles.The roles are set to last for the duration of the five gatherings.There was a discussion about the need for a comprehensive budget for all five gatherings, ensuring proper allocation of funds across all roles.Budgeting for GatheringsApproximately $14,500 USD is available for the gatherings.Initial calculations suggested that about $600 per week is available for compensation across roles, assuming a 20-week timeline.Condensing the timeline to 14 weeks was suggested, which would increase the weekly budget to $857, making compensation more attractive.The benefits of a more condensed, higher-intensity schedule were discussed, including better momentum and more efficient use of resources.Structuring the budget per gathering rather than per week was considered, allowing for more flexibility in resource allocation.The possibility of RRP contributing additional funding for content creation and artifacts was discussed.The need to work around the holiday season in scheduling was acknowledged.Update on Gathering Stewards and Community Weaver RolesInterest in being gathering stewards was expressed.Michelle is already in the community weaver role.Jose expressed interest in the community weaver role and mentioned knowing someone else who might be interested.The necessity of having three community weavers, as originally planned, was discussed.Developing Patterns for the Equality FundWorking in parallel to begin developing and documenting patterns for the Equality Fund was suggested.The need to define what these patterns would look like and how they would be presented was discussed.Using the Equality Fund discovery report as a starting point for discussing these patterns was suggested.Setting up a new meeting to process the discovery report and discuss patterns was agreed upon, ensuring all team members have read the report beforehand.Meeting ConclusionTeam members agreed to continue work on various aspects discussed and to reconvene for further planning and discussion.
