%% Begin Waypoint %%
- **[[general-circle]]**
  - **[[old-gc-docs]]**
    - [[2021-12-12 at 07-17 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-14 at 02-15 AM]]
    - [[2021-12-14 at 02-53 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-14 at 04-02 AM]]
    - [[2021-12-14 at 04-54 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-14 at 05-00 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-14 at 05-35 AM]]
    - [[2021-12-15 at 02-06 AM]]
    - [[2021-12-15 at 03-15 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-15 at 03-17 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-15 at 05-20 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-16 at 01-07 AM]]
    - [[2021-12-16 at 02-59 AM]]
    - [[2021-12-17 at 08-46 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-18 at 01-45 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-19 at 03-59 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-22 at 07-18 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-26 at 08-00 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-27 at 06-30 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-29 at 04-28 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-30 at 04-09 PM]]
    - [[2021-12-31 at 04-10 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-01 at 06-15 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-01 at 10-03 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-02 at 04-11 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-03 at 06-08 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-03 at 06-43 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-04 at 02-45 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-09 at 10-16 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-11 at 02-01 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-15 at 05-21 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-19 at 01-02 AM]]
    - [[2022-01-21 at 02-58 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-23 at 02-52 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-25 at 07-34 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-26 at 05-03 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-26 at 11-47 AM]]
    - [[2022-01-26 at 11-51 AM]]
    - [[2022-01-27 at 02-05 AM]]
    - [[2022-01-28 at 05-30 PM]]
    - [[2022-01-30 at 12-21 PM]]
    - [[2022-02-02 at 10-57 PM]]
    - [[2022-02-02 at 12-33 PM]]
    - [[2022-02-03 at 11-15 PM]]
    - [[2022-02-21 at 08-52 PM]]
    - [[2022-02-21 at 08-56 PM]]
    - [[2022-02-22 at 12-40 AM]]
    - [[2022-03-08 at 02-11 AM]]
    - [[2022-03-08 at 08-14 PM]]
    - [[2022-03-14 at 04-14 PM]]
    - [[2022-03-20 at 11-27 PM]]
    - [[2022-03-21 - Notes - Governance Conversations]]
    - [[2022-04-12 - Governance Conversations Project - 12 April 2022]]
    - [[2022-04-19 - Web3 Social Impact Series]]
    - [[2022-04-22 at 12-39 AM]]
    - [[2022-04-26 - Framing for Governance Conversations]]
    - [[2022-04-26 - Meeting Notes - 26 April 2022]]
    - [[2022-05-17 - Contributor Guide - meeting notes May 27, 2022]]
    - [[2022-05-17 at 08-52 PM]]
    - [[2022-05-31 - SB Governance Musings - June 2022]]
    - [[2022-06-20 - SB Draft governance concept v2]]
    - [[2022-06-29 - DAO Primitive Project - CELL State - (founding doc)]]
    - [[2022-07-05 - DAO Primitive Project - Weekly Meeting Doc]]
    - [[2022-10-17 - Systems Transformation Repository-Library - CELL Nucleus]]
    - [[2022-10-18 - Systems Transformation Project Meeting - October 17, 2022]]
    - [[2022-10-28 - CCS Workshop & Elective planning meeting - Oct 28, 2022]]
    - [[2022-10-28 - Systems Transformation Project Meetings ]]
    - [[2022-11-14 - Potential things to add to governance in the future]]
    - [[2022-11-29 - test doc]]
    - [[2023-01-09 - Systems Transformation Framework Template]]
    - [[2023-04-03 - Contribution Register & Coordinape Process for Systems Transformation Project]]
    - [[2023-06-27 - Reimagining Power Cell Proposal]]
    - [[2023-07-24 - Systems Transformation Project wrap-up]]
    - [[2023-08-07 - SPB15 - Establish an initial Cell to work on the Windfall NFT Project ]]
    - [[2023-08-07 - Windfall NFT Project Cell State]]
  - **[[old-gc-meetings]]**
  - **[[old-gc-tasks]]**
    - [[✅ SUP-4 Edit start here channels]]
    - [[✅ SUP-5 Tidy up Notion web3 library]]
    - [[✅ SUP-6 Takeaway Tour - include web3 resources]]
    - [[✅ SUP-8 Appoint the General Circle Lead]]
    - [[✅ SUP-9 General Circle Lead invites individuals into Squad Lead roles]]
    - [[✅ SUP-10 General Circle convenes its first Tactical Meeting]]
    - [[✅ SUP-11 Squads convene their own Tactical Meetings ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-12 General Circle convenes its second Tactical Meeting]]
    - [[✅ SUP-13 Squads and General Circle do their work]]
    - [[✅ SUP-14 General Circle develops a governance token concept ($SPRB)]]
    - [[✅ SUP-15 General Circle shares and tests the governance token concept for Contributors]]
    - [[✅ SUP-18 General Circle implements governance token]]
    - [[✅ SUP-20 Streamline permissions management and requests process]]
    - [[✅ SUP-21 Refactor discord channels for clarity]]
    - [[✅ SUP-26 Set Up DAO Contributor Tracking on Notion]]
    - [[✅ SUP-27 Outreach to existing SB Community ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-28 Plan for Safe Space & Verification]]
    - [[✅ SUP-29 Create # learn-101 resources channel]]
    - [[✅ SUP-32 Invite the community to revisit and contribute to the existing Mission, Vision, Values work in Miro]]
    - [[✅ SUP-33 @Lewwwk to publish and propose v0 Mission, Vision, Values.]]
    - [[✅ SUP-34 Develop Community Hosting & Onboarding Plan]]
    - [[✅ SUP-38 Update Roles and #role-selection channel]]
    - [[✅ SUP-47 Refactor Guilds]]
    - [[✅ SUP-48 Draft Survey (similar to SeedClub)]]
    - [[✅ SUP-49 Weekly Update (Jan 4)]]
    - [[✅ SUP-50 Weekly Update (Jan 11) & Share for Townhall]]
    - [[✅ SUP-53 Proposal 1- Initiate Governance with @Lewwwk as General Circle Lead]]
    - [[✅ SUP-54 Proposal 2- Adopt the SuperBenefit Ethos]]
    - [[✅ SUP-55 Proposal 0- v1 SuperBenefit DAO Governance Model]]
    - [[✅ SUP-56 Format for Tactical Meetings drafted and shared]]
    - [[✅ SUP-57 First Tactical Meeting scheduled]]
    - [[✅ SUP-58 Notes template for meeting capture by Secretary drafted and shared]]
    - [[✅ SUP-60 Draft Season 0 Roadmap]]
    - [[✅ SUP-63 Initial $SPRB allocation parameters]]
    - [[✅ SUP-64 [DRAFT] Proposal to execute contributor airdrop]]
    - [[✅ SUP-65 Design contribution recognition and reward process]]
    - [[✅ SUP-66 Run contribution recognition event]]
    - [[✅ SUP-69 Set up CRM system]]
    - [[✅ SUP-70 Complete FAQ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-71 Update Community Resources Notion site]]
    - [[✅ SUP-72 Meet with leads to discuss their needs]]
    - [[✅ SUP-75 Recruitment Messaging]]
    - [[✅ SUP-80 Write brand design brief]]
    - [[✅ SUP-82 Scope out what a map might look like]]
    - [[✅ SUP-84 Crowdfund NFT]]
    - [[✅ SUP-85 come up with a name for this thing]]
    - [[✅ SUP-86 write a design brief for this thing]]
    - [[✅ SUP-87 find a designer for the origin NFT]]
    - [[✅ SUP-88 Write copy for NFT]]
    - [[✅ SUP-89 Check Mirror Parameters]]
    - [[✅ SUP-90 Outline Treasury Strategy]]
    - [[✅ SUP-91 Create and deploy ERC20 SPRB contract]]
    - [[✅ SUP-92 Clarify Discord Roles and Flow]]
    - [[✅ SUP-95 Create Tooling Guide]]
    - [[✅ SUP-96 [PASSED] Proposal- Create Reflection Practice Coordinator Role in Community Experience Squad]]
    - [[✅ SUP-100 Set up metrics tracking in Notion]]
    - [[✅ SUP-104 @Lewwwk to Boost the account]]
    - [[✅ SUP-107 @Lewwwk Finalize Lead Roles for Alex and Rowan]]
    - [[✅ SUP-108 CXI Tactical Meeting #0]]
    - [[✅ SUP-109 Attend onboarding for Krause House ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-110 Note to General Circle on process for adding new articles to web3 library ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-111 Delete web3 library content ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-113 Connect with people following up from Town Hall]]
    - [[✅ SUP-114 Send survey with ToC ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-115 SPRB Design Conversation]]
    - [[✅ SUP-117 community has ability to make changes to this distribution so start with this straw dog, get started ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-118 add assumptions for percentage allocation to demonstrate embedding SB values e.g. allocation of $ crowdfund in relation to contributors]]
    - [[✅ SUP-119 Weekly Update (Jan 18)]]
    - [[✅ SUP-120 [DRAFT] Proposal to create new roles in the Community Experience Squad]]
    - [[✅ SUP-122 CXI Tactical Meeting #1]]
    - [[✅ SUP-124 Update learning pathways page on Notion ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-125 Weekly Update - Feb 1]]
    - [[✅ SUP-126 Announcement in Discord about ToC Feedback Process]]
    - [[✅ SUP-127 ToC Announcement in Discord-Reminder of Review Session]]
    - [[✅ SUP-128 Reminder ToC Feedback in Discord]]
    - [[✅ SUP-129 Compile ToC Feedback ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-135 Launch Strategy]]
    - [[✅ SUP-136 Write crowdfund post]]
    - [[✅ SUP-137 Create SB Multisig]]
    - [[✅ SUP-138 Proposal 3- Create $SPRB ERC20 token for the SuperBenefit DAO [DRAFT]]]
    - [[✅ SUP-140 Draw up high-level outline of the resource flow squad]]
    - [[✅ SUP-141 CXI Tactical Meeting #2]]
    - [[✅ SUP-142 test reward]]
    - [[✅ SUP-144 Q- should web3 be capitalized sometimes, always, never_ ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-145 guide page needs to be populated with articles widget ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-149 Tidy up CXI Resources on Clarity]]
    - [[✅ SUP-150 Pre-share post with web3 influencers]]
    - [[✅ SUP-151 Pre-launch contribution register]]
    - [[✅ SUP-152 Update Discord welcome message]]
    - [[✅ SUP-154 CXI Tactical Meeting #3]]
    - [[✅ SUP-155 Point people to the Impact tag in the web3 library - post in Discord ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-156 Post about NAS Academy course ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-161 Publish _how to setup a wallet_ content ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-162 CXI Tactical Meeting #4]]
    - [[✅ SUP-163 Mini-Review of Governance conducted and recommendations shared]]
    - [[✅ SUP-164 [BOUNTY] Update _Getting Started to web3_ Notion page]]
    - [[✅ SUP-166 Design first expedition. Frame up how to do a first run through of a surfacing, selection and allocation process]]
    - [[✅ SUP-168 Wrap ToC project]]
    - [[✅ SUP-169 Activate Discord channel refactor ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-171 Set up new thread and project on landscaping and sense-making design ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-172 Publish call for contributions to identity design project in communication guild ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-174 Follow up with Peter to make an introduction to Ayusha ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-176 SuperBenefit Townhall & Agenda]]
    - [[✅ SUP-177 Weekly Update Feb 22]]
    - [[✅ SUP-182 CXI Tactical Meeting #5]]
    - [[✅ SUP-184 Publish Role Advice Process]]
    - [[✅ SUP-185 Add section on how to purchase a NFT on Mirror to the Community Resources site ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-187 Steps for multisig signers to follow]]
    - [[✅ SUP-188 25,000 to each of the 8 circle leads]]
    - [[✅ SUP-190 2,000,000 back to the originating SB address (so that they can be bridged to Polygon for Rev 1 contributions via Coinvise)]]
    - [[✅ SUP-194 CXI Tactical Meeting #6]]
    - [[✅ SUP-198 SBP2- [Treasury] Reimbursement of Revolution 0 Expense]]
    - [[✅ SUP-217 MB follow up with Caryn Tan ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-218 Reach out to Sarah Drinkwater to see if she can bring in folks from Mobius and for a general chat ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-222 Proposal for Governance Research Project (Rev1)]]
    - [[✅ SUP-223 Proposal 4- Initiate the Governance Conversations project (Rev 1)]]
    - [[✅ SUP-225 Set up Miro as working space ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-226 Post this proposal in proposal-development channel ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-228 Set up gnosis safe wallet for project ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-232 Think about writing an article about _entity thinking_ ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-235 Setting up GnosisSafe wallets for latest proposals ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-239 Governance research project (Rev 1) DAO-Cell founding doc]]
    - [[✅ SUP-241 Sketch out the meta governance categories listed in the miro board ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-243 Reach out to ananth.eth from rabbithole ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-244 Reach out to cpoetter from rabbithole ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-245 Draw up outline of steps to set up a multi-sig wallet for SB projects]]
    - [[✅ SUP-248 Test member onboarding into clarity]]
    - [[✅ SUP-249 Coordinape Allocation Reflection]]
    - [[✅ SUP-251 Update introduction-invitation on the Community Resources site ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-252 Tidy up Clarity Tasks & Projects ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-253 Give Discord contributor role to seeddisburser, caryn, curiousath, ash, ayusha, steve wadell, michael redhead champagne... who else__ ]]
    - [[✅ SUP-254 Twitter List - Folks with adjacent interest]]
    - [[✅ SUP-269 Ask Taryn if she can take notes]]
    - [[✅ SUP-272 Think about tooling and create a Figjam board ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-42 NFT Top patron rewards design (issued on close of genesis period)]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-43 Community spaces ready for NFT Drop ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-44 Communications prep for NFT Drop]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-51 Review Member Archetype Table]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-67 Pre-launch strategy]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-76 Reach out to DAO Community Experience Leads to garner learning]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-77 Build Community Relationships _]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-78 Spec Ember NFT]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-81 Write Discord channel descriptions]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-83 Recruit designer]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-99 Create Tooling Process Guide]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-102 Help Peter create a project]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-103 find 3 identity designers]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-121 Develop & Publish CXI Bounties]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-123 Brainstorm Question of the Day ideas]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-139 [BOUNTY] Provide a summary of approaches to rewarding past contributors]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-143 Connect with @lewwwk to capture the SB genesis story ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-147 Collaborate with CCS on web3 impact library]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-153 [BOUNTY] Develop a Pluriverse Reflection Guide]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-157 Add mini community survey to Discord welcome message]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-158 [BOUNTY] SuperBenefit Origin Story Artifact]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-159 Publish a specific ask (_Time to get involved, your help is needed to share the news of our public launch_) ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-160 Publish communication strategy, key dates, and link to copy deck and-or post content directly ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-165 [BOUNTY] Discord -_ notion web3 library bot ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-167 Proposal to adopt ToC]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-170 Last call for feedback on the ToC ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-173 Governance & Treasury get together to figure out a process for bounties and budget allocation ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-175  SuperBenefit AMA Plan-Agenda]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-178 Develop hello world intro video]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-181 [BOUNTY] Revamp Notion Getting Started page]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-183 Develop launch invitation and process]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-186 Create a set of steps for multisig holders to follow to create, approve or reject a wallet transaction. ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-191 Review Discord Onboarding Flow]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-195 Set up calendly and include in Discord]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-197 Update Rules screen on Discord ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-207 Find SB Community on Twitter & Engage]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-208 1-1 Meetings - Set Up Calendly]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-209 Proposal for Contributor Guide]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-210 Weekly Update - March 9, 2022]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-219 #187 Create a set of steps for multisig signers to follow ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-220 Curate the metagovernance pieces into the web3 library ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-221 Create appropriate category-ies in web3 library and make video to show process for adding items to library ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-224 Apply for metagov.org funding for research project ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-227 Project - governance design experiment #1]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-229 Develop Bounty for someone to run our Twitter ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-233 [BOUNTY] Twitter Style Guide]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-234 [BOUNTY] Twitter Content Creator & Engagement]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-237 Give Ryan access to DNS controls]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-238 Craft v1 invitation + guiding questions (for panel + audience) ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-240 Look into setting up a recurring weekly meeting template on Clarity]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-242 Discuss how we are going to reward ourselves and other contributors (Rowan)]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-246 [BOUNTY] Distribute some $SPRB to the Discord community]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-255 SuperBenefit Consulting Design]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-256 SuperBenefit Consulting Design ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-257 Proposal SBP8- DAO Primitive Project_]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-258 We can post this and the contributor guide and be open to feedback and review again at the end of Rev 1 ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-261 Design DAO initiation cell]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-262 Conflict of Interest (COI) Proposal]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-263 SuperBenefit Proposal]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-264 Draft Proposal -  for grant application with Windfall]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-265 CCS Workshop]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-266 Create a Mirror post ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-267 Find a cool graphic that captures what we are trying to do]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-268 Create a new Figjam board ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-270 Contact Forefront to see if they are open to collaborating ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-271 Explore different tooling possibilities ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-273 Synthesize the Purpose of the Project ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-274 Sessions 1 Planning & Agenda]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-275 SBP12- Design resourcing for the Future of Sport Roadmapping Project]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-276 SBP13 - Allocating SPRB & USDC to projects to fund interim Rev 1 contributor rewards ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-277 Treasury Allocation for SBP13 & SBP6]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-279 Bring a project team to talk through the design - block off a couple of hours for a working session. ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-280 Michelle talk to OTF about funds flowing through Reimagine Institute ]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-281 Propose final allocation of tokens for Systems Transformation Project]]
    - [[⬜️ SUP-288 Clarity Update]]
  - **[[timeline]]**
    - [[2024-06]]
    - [[aifs-processor-complete]]
    - [[comprehensive-issues-check]]
    - [[fix-invalid-dates]]
    - [[meeting-timeline-plan]]
    - [[os-steward-parser]]
    - [[status-check]]
    - [[step-4-recovery-plan-updated]]
    - [[step-4-recovery-plan]]

%% End Waypoint %%