---
group: rpp
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-09-07
source: "[2023-08-08 - [TO MOVE](2023-08-08%20-%20[TO%20MOVE)"
---

# RPP Core Team Meeting - **07/09/23**

- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: @Rowan  **
	- ### Attendees:
		-  @Rowan  @rathermercurial @MBaldwin @Ananth @heenal @Filsan 
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- Windfall - kick-off meeting with @Lewwwk. Exciting stuff. Will be making use of some of the structures we're developing in this project
	- OTF - Funding still delayed because questions
	- Project tasks reorganized in Clarity - separation between cell setup / project planning / storytelling
- ## Agenda
	- Need to think about how to constrain the scope of the RP project and outsource some of the complexity (Rowan)
		- For example, some of the nitty gritty could be outsourced to the Primitives team who have already been noodling away on some of these questions
- ## Longer items:
	- Start to layout strategic next steps (Rowan)
		- Who are the stakeholders?
			- CFC are named in project outcomes as the OTF relationship has come though Michelle. NB - Just because they are a stakeholder doesn't mean they should be part of the stakeholder module, which is for groups who are actively engaged with the project.
		- How can we support the Storytelling "cell" in a minimally-intrusive manner?
How can we align on goals & strategy?
	- Review draft Cell State and refine based on latest conversations and decisions (Rowan)
		- 
- ## Action items
- ## Decisions log
	- Ask the DAO primitive team to put together some design explainations for stakeholder governance and what the stakeholder module is that we can share with the potential RP project stakeholders. Passed by @rathermercurial @Ananth @heenal @Filsan @MBaldwin @Rowan  
	- Provide an update to the potential RP project stakeholder group on progress and design. Passed by @rathermercurial @Ananth @heenal @Filsan @MBaldwin @Rowan  
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
	- see above for examples 

---