---
group: rpp
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-10-19
source: "[2023-08-08 - [TO MOVE](2023-08-08%20-%20[TO%20MOVE)"
---

# RPP Core Team Meeting - Date 19/10/23

- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: Rowan**
	- ### Attendees: @rathermercurial @heenal @Ananth @Filsan @MBaldwin 
		- **Regrets:  @Aditi **
- ## Intentions & Tensions
	- List and discuss things that you want to see happen/change or any tensions that you are feeling about where we are at in the RPP at this point in time:
		- **Intentions**
			- Kicking off the stakeholder engagement now that we have (hopefully) the funding path sorted. If you're not in these meetings you're missing a lot of the context. How are we catching people up. 
			- Trying to shake some of the legacy entity thinking.
			- Get some experiments underway. Get started 
			- Connection with EF and integrating them into the project
			- Figuring out how to talk about what we are doing spanning internal design language and simple practical communication for partners stakeholders etc
			- Find out how we can share the information about design better. Thinking about having bridges/translators to help with this 
		- **Tensions**
			- Expectations about attendance of meetings 
			- How do we hold our principles at the same time as engaging with the traditional world
			- Balancing theory + design and getting something implemented where more people can be engaged
			- Language to communicate to the different groups we need to engage. How can we figure out the language piece
			- Doing work now vs waiting for funding 
		- **Possible directions of work to do prior to funding being confirmed**
			- Language project 
			- Pushing forward with existing activities across other orgs
			- Pushing forward with the stakeholder group
			- Figuring out how we track contribution - in-kind and financially compensated
- ## Updates
	- OTF (Heenal)
	- CFC role and in kind time capture (Michelle)
	- Pacing and Information Assymetry as they relate to Power and Privilege meeting being set up by @rathermercurial that links to RPP and SB - Oct 27th from 3-4pm ET
	- 
- ## Agenda
	- Stakeholder/Partner meeting next steps (Michelle)
		- 
	- Attendance expectations, any follow up (Michelle)
- ## Longer items:
	- Reflections on OTF given tensions from past convos (Michelle)

If time might be good to chat this question out "What inequities and financial/coordination bottlenecks are currently visible in the NFP/Philanthropy space? Which are a priority for key stakeholders and their peers?" (Michelle)
- ## Action items
	- [ ] Michelle to touch base with Aditi about meetings and what she needs
	- [x] Michelle to send invite to Heenal for meeting with Susan Snider Equality Fund
	- [x] Michelle to send out stakeholder meeting invite
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?