---
group: rpp
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2023-10-05
source: "[2023-08-08 - [TO MOVE](2023-08-08%20-%20[TO%20MOVE)"
---

# RPP Core Team Meeting - 10/5/23

- ## Check-In - 
	- **Facilitator: Rowan**
	- ### Attendees:
		-  @rathermercurial @Filsan @Ananth @MBaldwin @Rowan  @heenal 
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- Initial stakeholder meeting
		- Invitation email drafted
		- Meeting today to craft the agenda
	- OTF funding
		- Potential hiccup
		- CFC conversations ongoing
	- [Stakeholder governance doc](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/tags/4425810b-50bb-4a6b-baf3-ecc12485300b)
		- rather will update the doc with everyone's feedback
		- everyone is welcome to edit the doc
		- what other terms would be useful to explain? **ping rather in chat with ideas**
			- #[dao primitives](archive/clarity/Tags/dao%20primitives.md) 
			- #[cells](archive/clarity/Tags/cells.md)
			- GR-296 Group Scale - DAO Primitives
	- @Aditi @Rowan  @Filsan met to discuss governance topics and field questions - Feels good
- ## Agenda
	- Michelle - Language framing discussion (from last meeting)
		- DAO Primitives cell will use language that's the most useful, linking to definitions of what they mean by specific terms (eg "Stakeholder") and then for each project we can choose external-facing language that makes the most sense to the stakeholders.
		- It's challenging becaue SB operates in multiple domains and there are overlapping Domain Specific Languages
			- A long-term solution would be to be clarify SuperBenefit's internal language
	- Walk through of task management and compensation (temp check) - Rowan 
		- [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/POW-292) 
		- 
		- 
	- Aditi - Onboarding discussion for new contributors (from last meeting)
- ## Longer items:
	- Possible brainstorm on finding a replacement fiscal sponsor
		- Open collective - need a connection to Ontario 
		- [https://opencollective.com/fission](https://opencollective.com/fission) 
 [https://opencollective.com/civictechto1](https://opencollective.com/civictechto1) 

		- CFC or EF could possibly be the fiscal sponsor
	- Michelle - discussion about stakeholder gov doc
- ## Action items
	- [ ]  @rathermercurial will update the doc Stakeholder governance doc incorporating feedback
	- [ ] Everyone ping @rather in chat with ideas for more terms to define/explain in Clarity tag pages
	- [ ] Everyone invited to take a look at [Check-out Protocol](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/cbf5146b-6d3f-4f75-9e51-0435f4011ed9) and add feedback before we use it next week
- ## Decisions log
	- 
- ## Reflection  
	- How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?
		- tackling information asymmetry proactively by creating docs to explain key concepts
		- transparency over challenges