---
group: rpp
tags:
  - meetings
date: 2024-06-27
---

---

# Check-In

> What are you mad, sad, glad and afraid of today? (You can pass by saying "I'm in")

## Tensions and Intentions

- 

> **Pause** the meeting to ask if transcription is desired. If so, invite the bot issuing the following command to the **Scripty** bot:
> `/join voice_channel:#"cafe" create_thread:True target_channel:#cafe-transcripts record_transcriptions:True`

# Updates

- Migration of AIFS workspace to SB's Charmverse space is underway (rather)

- Open Civics waiting on litepaper release to begin collaborative initiatives; DAO Primitives to assist (rather)

- Cool to see David Sinclair's report out that relates to reimagining power (michelle)

 How Might Technology Be Leveraged to Empower Indigenous Youth in Sports? The Study, the Story, and the Solutions
 https://www.mtroyal.ca/nonprofit/InstituteforCommunityProsperity/\_pdfs/David-Sinclair_How-Might-Technology-be-Leveraged-to-Empower-Indigenous-Youth-in-Sports_Scholarly-Output.pdf

- Confirmed with lewwwk open to utilizing Future of Sport created with Krause House (michelle)

- DAO primitives - how is the documentation tracking? (rowan)

  - Give feedback https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/dao-primitives-outline-draft-7583792077146374

- Equality Fund scoping call postponed today because Sue is ill. need to set new date 

  - 

- Meeting with Emerging Tech Fellows at Community Foundations of Canada about DAOs and governance, new channel in SB Discord, connects to bias/inequities/power for AI and emerging tech (Michelle)

- Social impact paper - Manuela drafted new section on what else could philanthropy enable

  - Still waiting on feedback from folks for history section 

 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yn2Lpg5aoGHqJcZJM-plgDgDY_LmY_h-uJNLnNhIWsQ/edit  




---

## Progress Review

**Last Week's Action Items**

Review last week's action items and update status:

- [ ] 

**Current / In-Progress Tasks**

Review pending tasks and update progress:

-  

**Contributions**

Review In-Kind Contributions and update status:

- 

---

> End transcription after updates and review using the `/leave` command. Invite the bot again if you wish to transcribe discussion topics.

# Agenda

Discuss shorter agenda items:

-  Summer/winter holidays, schedule & rhythm (heenal)

  - just want to check in to see when team members might be away/travelling in July/August. if multiple people are away on a particular week then maybe we can skip the core team meeting that week?

    - away week of Thurs July 11/ and 25 (MB)

    - away July 18 (HR)

- Playbook feedback - how is that going in getting that to morereese? (Michelle)

  - Feedback request post: 

 [https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1182281729453596764/1250934149447942235](https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1182281729453596764/1250934149447942235)

- Follow up to emerging tech fellows meeting? (rowan)

  - Discord channel created

  - MB to follow up with ETF and if looking at DAO principles - as we look at next steps in the project including funding - MB will bring forward that some support for SB contributors who may support governance set up would need to be considered

    - https://communityfoundations.ca/introducing-cfcs-2024-emerging-technology-fellows/ 

    - current briefing note about AI and Philanthropy/Social Impact https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i7RbQv9JkcKOfb7jvdkk_PFn2qMeUcgujaAIUnpx20o/edit

 

## Longer items

Discuss longer agenda items:

- (triage) Experiment scoping: What are our requirements / expectations for scoping session outputs? (rather)

  - How are we looking at our strategic approach to experiments in general?

- Some records aren't being kept; What is our buy in for documenting the following:

  - Tasks

  - Contributions

  - Minor Decisions

## Action items

- [ ] MB to follow up with rather about **DAO primitive link for emerging tech fellows to review**

- [ ] Manuela to review DAO Primitives

- [x] HR to share back feedback with Rowan about DAO primitive jargon

- [ ] rather will write up task for populating Lexicon w/ Primitives-related terms

- [ ] rather will create task for Playbooks feedback

- [ ] Next meeting - Determine what activities are recorded in task tracker

- [ ] MB to follow up with Sue about **scoping doc for experiments**

## Decision log

- 

# Reflection 

> **How have we approached reimagining power in this meeting?**

- Recognition of funding support for new projects e.g AI and Philanthropy interest in DAOs

- Rolling of facilitators and agenda structure

---

# Minutes

This transcript was created by the [Scripty](https://scripty.org/) bot using an open-source speech-to-text algorithm.

**Summary**

This summary was created using ChatGPT based on the transcript above. It may contain errors.

> <Paste summary here>

# 