---
tags:
  - meetings
date: 09-10-2023
source: "[wp-clarity-meeting-notes](/notes/wp/wp-meetings/wp-clarity-meeting-notes.md)"
---

# WP Meeting - 10/9/23

- ## Check-In
	- **Facilitator: **
	- ### Attendees: 
		- **Regrets:  **
- ## Updates
	- Sourcecred almost done; will coordinate to push instance live
	- Government team - contribution agreement not a grant - so govt needs to not be part of the process. Lots of attention on the project in govt. Interest in the community management and tooling. They are a maybe for the project stakeholder group. Perhaps they will nominate someone
	- Hats tree to be deployed
- ## Agenda
	- Plan for blockscience meeting (Rowan)
		- Intro meeting 
		- Introduce the overall model and how we are thinking about the coordination structure 
		- See if they are open to using gitbook/hub for feedback on litepaper development. 
	- Next steps for other project stakeholders engagement (Rowan)
- ## Longer items:
	- 
- ## Action items
	- [x] Lewwwk move the ens to the wallet - superbenefit.eth
		- [ ] ananth to queue transactions after
	- [ ] deploy hats tree - ananth
	- [ ] (Rowan) Move planning do body to Project Scope section and flesh out to share with Lewwwk in advance of BlockScience meeting 
	- [x] Lewwwk to share meeting agenda, drive, and other docs
	- [ ] rather - Create GitHub docs repo and link into Gitbook space. Add overview
	- [ ] Lewwwk - to draft NDA
	- [ ] Ananth - have a look at EAS as a way of managing sensitive docs
- ## Decisions log
	-