---
tags:
  - meetings
date: 30-10-2023
source: "[[wp-clarity-meeting-notes]]"
---

# WP Meeting - 10/30/23

- ## Checkin
- ## Attendees
- ## Updates
	- Invoice getting signed 
- ## Discussion topics
	- Access to google drive
- ## Decision log
- ## Action items
	- Rowan to start incentive design doc to work on 
	- Ananth to prep the wallet instructions (loom and copy)
	- Rowan prep comms for the project stewardship group
	- Rowan prep comms for the pilot stakeholder group
- ## Planning
	- **Setting up Project Stewardship Group**
		- Have the weekly meeting serve as the PSG meeting as well. The PSG can figure out its own communication separately.  
		- Onboarding email / offer to NRCan people 
		- ~Agreement / NDA to be attested to by the core team and windfall~
		- Superbenefit scope - to be attested to by us and windfall / the project stewardship group
	- **Mapping pilot stakeholders **
		- Windfall/Brent is holding this and is mapping the SHG and making introductions. BS will choose who they want to speak with. Brent will make the introduction. 
		- Customer interviews list for BS to choose from - these will take a month
	- **Plan for pilot stakeholder group engagement **
		- ==Have all Pilot stakeholder group onboarding materials ready for Brent to meeti with Durham Regional CAO on Nov 14==
		- Brent will make contact with Pilot SHG members to onboard them to the project. Starting with the - Durham Region CAO (chief administrative officer)
		- Core team will manage the onboarding flow to the comms and feedback channels
		- BS will create an initial grounding doc (landscape of the existing state and problems). When this is done we will bring in the broader SHG we will push go on onboarding the stakeholders - probably mid November
		- BS's initial grounding doc - when it's starting to take shape we will move it gitbook and open up for comment and discussion in discord. 
		- Onboarding flow for discord is here [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298) 
		- Onboarding steps
			1. Email invitation including:
				- Link to public gitbook description of the project
				- Link to Join stakeholder group
				- Link to join project community
				- Link to basic information about web3  
				- Link to wallet setup instructions
				- Link to 1-1 help
			2. Create basic "what is web3", including what is a wallet stuff - Jess has some library of resources to share for onboarding 
			3. Figure out special considerations for indigenous communities comms and participation in the process 
			4. Set up an Onboarding event - PSHG onboarding
				- Pick a date for the onboarding session  
				- Put together post for launch
			5. Set up/finish onboarding docs in Gitbook
				- Project overview - perhaps make a starting page as this the first place to go and link out to wallet creation, discord onboarding etc
				- code of conduct + chathamhouse rules
				- Design the language for setting the tone/context for the group. 
		- Community management
			- Set up management for SHG conversations
				- Calendar of topics
				- Management of discord groups, setting up conversation threads, encouraging conversation - assign going this as a role
				- Set up ability for anon posting
		- 
		- Wider comms/PR
			- Jess can offer help on public facing PR comms - perhaps do a 30 min session to work some of this out (from Jess)
		- **Formal temp checks at draft and final**
			- Snapshot for temp checks
				- Check with BS if they want to break the drafts into pieces to temp check it. (discuss this with BS at this week's meeting)
				- Perhaps use multiple ongoing snapshots that cover different pieces and then people change their votes over time
				- Try to reward people with tokens for regularly updating their votes on snapshot
			- Perhaps use Lore for the community group management
	- **Setting up the project Community**
		- **community launch timing and requirements**
			1. initial announce post
				- what's going on and why
				- what's the opportunity
				- how can you participate
			2. set of conversation / discussions/ actions (stuff for people to do)
				- areas of activity
				- questions / topics from blockscience - put together an initial topic calendar to seed the forum with  - we can publish this to the Project SHG 
			3. might be good to send the signup link alongside all other outreach (feel free share and invite colleagues/broadcast etc.)
		- **community incentive design**
			- A token that reflects contributions and can be used in decision-making mechanisms - see [https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit) 
		- **community grant fund design**
			- Possibly have a fund that is governed by the community token holders. With rage quit for capital contributors 
			- Mix of potential funders - insurance cos, govt grant funding programmes, philanthropics, 
			- Ideally, we have an open ended vehicle. Need to solve the fiat conversion. 
			- Get a small lead sponsor - 
			- Some of the activity could be operationalised through a cell as well as being pushed out as funding to wider community opportunities 
		- **Investment/capital fund - for implementation **