---

# Meeting Agenda

## Discussion Items

- Engagement in Discord

- Governance proposal

- One pager to Doug & Jumpstart

- Chiliz opportunity

---

# Action Items

- [ ] Heenal to help add Rather to the All in for Sport ETH multisig to enable snapshot voting space updates

- [ ] Michelle to post a follow-up engagement question in Discord related to yesterday's TED 365 session and also post the weekly engagement question

- [ ] Shanny to edit Discord introduction posts to explicitly ask new members to share about their projects

- [ ] Shanny to work on initial draft of one-pager funding proposal for Doug from Canadian Tire after getting input from Chiliz meeting

- [ ] Rather to prepare questions with Heenal for Monday's meeting with Chili's team regarding their blockchain capabilities and future vision

- [ ] Someone to post operational governance proposal to the governance forum for community feedback

---

# Minutes

Meeting Agenda and Attendance

- The meeting was attended by Shanny (the facilitator), Nicole, Michelle, Heenal, and Rather.

- The agenda included discussing a governance proposal, a one-pager for Doug at Canadian Tire, and the Chili's blockchain opportunity.

- Additional topics such as Discord engagement and tech 365 engagement were also brought up.

Discord and Tech 365 Engagement

- Ways to increase engagement on the Discord server, particularly for the tech 365 initiative, were discussed.

- Addressing the issue of low engagement in Discord discussions was suggested, noting the difficulty in engineering engagement without highly motivated participants.

- Posting a question related to the previous day's gathering to encourage reflection and participation was proposed.

- The main issue might be that people are not even accessing Discord, suggesting the need to contact members through other media like email, text, or social platforms.

- Providing incentives for participation, such as incubation opportunities, could increase engagement.

- Several people signed up after the previous day's session, emphasizing the importance of engaging new members quickly.

- It was decided to keep the tech 365 channel as the main focus for now, with the question of the week as a separate thread.

- Volunteering to post both a weekly question and a follow-up to each session to encourage engagement was mentioned.

Governance Proposal

- Edits made to the governance proposal were reviewed and approved.

- The need for Super Benefit to return with a proposal regarding its partnership and role within a year was highlighted.

- Tagging to add this to a calendar for follow-up was agreed upon.

- The need to post the proposal on the governance forum for community feedback before putting it on snapshot for voting was mentioned.

One-Pager for Doug at Canadian Tire

- A meeting with Doug do Gore from Canadian Tire was discussed, where $30,000 in funding was requested.

- The purpose of the funding is to spin up a cell and hire developers to start building tooling on the Chili's Blockchain.

- The need for a broader budget and a clearer project scope to potentially attract more funding was discussed.

- Creating a comprehensive budget and proposal that outlines the target funding amount and specific experiments or projects was suggested.

- Developing a map or roadmap of the existing ecosystem and opportunities, including experiments at different scales and budgets, was proposed.

Chiliz Blockchain Opportunity

- A meeting with the Chiliz team to understand their goals for their blockchain and potential collaboration opportunities was scheduled.

- Technical insights were invited to join the meeting.

- The potential for building governance tools on the Chiliz Blockchain, including the technical requirements and challenges, was discussed.

- Complexities involved in implementing governance on Chiliz, such as the need for DeFi integration, custody layers, and voting mechanisms, were explained.

- Combining different blockchains based on their strengths for various functionalities was considered.

- Exploring potential integrations with Chiliz fan tokens to align with their existing offerings was suggested.

- Gathering questions for the upcoming meeting with Chiliz to better understand their vision and technical capabilities was agreed upon.

Next Steps and Action Items

- Compiling questions for the Chiliz meeting and adding them to a shared document will be done.

- Drafting the one-pager for Doug but waiting for input from the Chiliz meeting before finalizing it will be started.

- Adding to the All in for Sport ETH multisig to make necessary updates to the voting space will be done.

- Posting the governance proposal on the governance forum for community feedback before being put to a vote on snapshot will be carried out.

- Continuing to post weekly questions and session follow-ups on Discord to encourage engagement will be maintained.

Conclusion

- The meeting concluded with acknowledging the challenges of innovation and the importance of perseverance in building something new and undefined.