---
group: cxi
---


# April 18 CXI Meeting

- Controbutors
	- Michelle will DM Daniel and Jai to see if they are still interested in contirbuting
	- Michelle will follow up with Ash re connecting with Heenal
- [Weekly update](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/pages/4850675e-1c32-4a56-96f5-0b895e5943ec)
	- wait til after GC meeting tonight before sending
- Idea: offer 100 $SPRB to everyone in Discord in order to encourage engagement
- Take-away from conversation with lewwwk
	- Support for National Observer series
	- Can we focus more on ecological governance than "indigenous" governance
	- We can write a follow-up piece after the decolonizing web3 session
- [National observer article](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E3aAPiEsq-hyOs8TwfQFxZOezWO5nRlgQVCi8REnZwU/edit#)
	- Reviewed article together. Ready to send to magazine today
		- ACTION: Write a paragraph to pitch to CCS co-create channel to invite participation in this project, making sure that we emphasize that we don't want to replicate existing structures and inequities.
