#[[superbenefit governance]] #[[discord]] 

# Meeting with Bpetes
28 January, 2022
Attendees:@heenal @remarkk 

## Purpose
To get a download on best practice structure for governance, projects, guilds and the connectivity of the various systems
## Reference links
- [Clarify Discord Roles and Flow](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/92)
- [Guilds](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/47)[](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/pages/7bdeae41-7cb9-4c90-a142-8ea8d8e42712)
- [Discord Channel Descriptions](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/pages/7bdeae41-7cb9-4c90-a142-8ea8d8e42712)

## Meeting Notes
- challenges
	- classic DAO scaling problem: too much voting (treasury gets flooded with proposals), yet not much engagement with votes (insufficient diligence)
	- cf citydao - explosion of growth. Bankless are facing similar challenge now. 
		- possible solution: conviction voting. 1hive model.
		- need centralized funding/grants committee
		- could set up a separate multisig for the grants cttee of the season
			- grants cttee should have open meetings, transparent notes
		- you can fund these teams fully autonomously or in mandate alone
	- sub-DAOs have even more autonomy than holons in holacracy
		- what are the autonomous units?
			- so-called "projects" could be projects OR workstreams OR ventures....you don't know what it is at the beginning
- guilds
	- self-select around an interest or a skill
	- spotify model
		- line of business deliverable, cross functional, external goal focussed
		- guilds (functional home base) + chapters (interest groups)
- onboarding problems
	- because of open, semi-permeable structure....
	- guilds are a neat trick for onboarding, it makes sense to gather around shared skills
		- minimum viable structure
			- guild coordinator
			- governance coordinator
			- talent coordinator
		- agreed-to governance mechanic for lurker -> contributor
- wary of tendency to centralization, err towards decentralization
	- in general, we all don't refactor as often as we should
- bounties
	- can be overused (if roles not defined first)
	- used right: like contracting someone before hiring them
	- too much = lots of overhead to manage all the bounties + non-bounty work gets deprioritised
	- too little = traditional employment model, not enough rotation of talent
- roles
	- some projects overthink roles.
		- could keep it more open for the first season and then do a coordinape at the end
	- 2nd season could be 60% core salary for core contributors + 40% coordinape (+ maybe a small amount for bounties)
- KH example
	- their stewards group does not initiate projects; it just receives incoming proposals
		- there's also a need to ensure that projects are appropriate for the DAO's current needs and drive the DAO's mission forwards
	- a balance can be found where the stewards group both receives and initiates projects


Actions:
- Heenal + Mark reflect, sketch out some ideas....what is the structure we should have?


## Future questions to ask BPetes
### Sobol questions
- what does Sobol do and what does it not do?
	- voting like snapshot?
	- projects and tasks (or is that still Clarity?)
	- showing bounties and paying contributors (or is that still Clarity?)
- What connectivity (if any) is there between Sobol and Clarity? Where would these two tools meet?
- To what extent can we control what is viewable by a) the public b) the community?
- would all governance proposals live in Sobol? including squad governance proposals?
- Confirming Discord integration with Sobol. Is it operational or coming soon?

### Discord questions
- channel structure 
- pathways to engagement and contribution
- CX best practices


CX put in place
- command centre
- guilds
- bounties
- fill community guide role(s)


we don't all understand what is equity and why it's coming up