communications #narrative #debate  
**Potential Blog**
In response to this article @Lewwwk wrote this post below [https://the-crypto-syllabus.com/yanis-varoufakis-on-techno-feudalism/](https://the-crypto-syllabus.com/yanis-varoufakis-on-techno-feudalism/) 

- ignore bitcoin. it is problematic in many ways. it is not however where 'crypto' is going or what web3 is about. it's based on a different values system.
- revisit 1 for clarity
- the value of these technologies are in their usefulness in enabling new capabilities of coordination more fit with the complexities of our current and future society
- these kinds of step changes of coordination capability underpin shifts in civilizational epochs
- for those shifts to lead to better results, they need to be based on new value systems or they will simply reinforce the old system and continue it's trajectory toward destruction
- our current institutions, and the value systems they thrived on, have proven adept at resisting revolution and change, and have systematically produced the very challenges that threaten our civilization
- if 'revolution' is indeed needed, a new set of coordination capabilities and a value system compatible with a different future  are requisite for us to acheive it. 
- if we believe our future depends on structural institutional and societal transformation, then we have to look for a fundamentally new coordination capability and value system that allow us to achieve it.
- if we don't think that's necessary, either we believe we can muster some sort of other leverage that we have no evidence of possessing, or that we are somehow different than all civilizations before that have hit their tipping points.
- or, perhaps we believe that we can get by without that level of transformation
- all are alternate world views
- it's helpful to situate ourselves in which world view we rest, to have context for how we approach 'crypto'.
- for me, the interest in 'crypto' is in its potential to enable this new coordinating capability (i have not seen anything else that could), and it's application in ways that enact and embed a new value system (systematic improvement in sustainability, wellbeing, and prosperity for all, for generations to come, etc.)
- that path/outcome is not a given. existing institutions and norms can't help but trying and continue themselves. this will produce countless examples of 'crypto bad'.
- that path also necessarily requires a choice, to harness the new capabilities, in ways that best enable a future that expresses the values necessary to for it to succeed.
- this is how i come to the topic and why i'm not particularly helpful in the webs of critiques or examples of 'crypto bad', 'technology won't save us', 'we need the institutions in the room'
- it's not about 'crypto'.
- it's about our future. 
- personally i don't see one with out a fundamentally new coordinating capacity that emdeds an enacts a new value system
- i don't see that happening without the technologies that people tend to call 'crypto'
- for others, it might be 'how do we protect our institutions and norms from crypto'. or 'how do we use crypto to further or improve our institutions and norms'.
- i'm not very helpful on that front, because we certainly have a lot of evidence to see how that will go wrong. from this view. 'crypto bad' seems to be very astute and not something i'm particularly interested in contributing to.
