---
tags:
  - tasks
---

---

## **Admin Workstreams**

### General Coordination:

- Clarity is beginning to emerge around workstream tasks and coordination milestones.

- Some workstreams have stopped work for Phase 1, and are figuring out how work will be managed in the future.

### Onboarding:

- Status: 95% complete. The onboarding guide is still in progress. 

- Shift in Needs: The onboarding flow needs reassessment, as SBCX now has more capacity.

- Next Steps: Review the onboarding flow in Figjam, which has been drafted and reviewed. Examine how onboarding aligns with other groups and roles, and potentially streamline with SB Community Experience.

- Meetings: The RPP Social Impact and Onboarding bi-weekly meetings have been combined due to overlapping content and time constraints.

- Action: Michelle to check with HR on the status of onboarding.

### Social Impact:

- Paper Progress: The Social Impact paper is progressing, with plans to shift to a shorter summary to integrate insights into team design conversations.

- Meeting Merger: Social impact and onboarding have been merged.

- Direction Change: The direction of the paper has shifted to better align with core team strategy.

- Next Steps: Collaborate during the biweekly call to determine the direction and purpose of the Social Impact paper moving forward.

- Partner Convening: Ongoing, with an emphasis on integrating insights into future strategies.

### Knowledge Stewardship:

- Phase 1: Complete, with some bounties still needing fulfillment.

- Phase 2: Ready to proceed, with assistance needed from onboarding to fill bounties.

- Databases: Created for various types of information generated by RPP, including topics/terms, artifacts, and links. Task Handling: No current process for managing tasks and bounties.

- Workstream Status: The Knowledge Stewardship workstream is no longer needed within RPP; contributors can use the KS admin workstream in Charmverse to track related work.

### Primitives:

- Initial Framing: Complete, but formatting for readability is needed based on core team feedback.

- Next Steps: Integrate DAO primitives models with challenges and power dynamics identified in the Social Impact workstream and apply these insights to the experiments.

- Workstream Status: No need to continue the DAO Primitives Workstream beyond its current state.

---

## **Experiments**

### Calgary Parks Impact Attestation Experiment:

- Focus: Defining an impact attestation schema and organizing attestations similar to a hypercert.

- Technical Design: Needs to provide the technical design basics and support implementation. A one-pager design proposal for the Calgary Parks Foundation is pending.

- Timeline: The experiment is currently on hold, with plans to resume in the fall.

- Next Steps: Involve Calgary in AIFS gatherings to merge threads and gain information on local pain points and participatory budgeting approaches.

- Participants: AIFS, SB, OTF, JumpStart, Women Win, Ready Sport, Calgary Parks, potentially Krause House.

- Alternative Experiment: Creating a Coordi-Nation pattern for AIFS to compliment Gatherings.

### Equality Fund:

- Scope: Potential experiment scope identified, with scoping session scheduling underway. 

- Next Steps: Identify specific intervention areas and gather information for discovery and scoping. 

- Timeline: Fall/Winter, potentially identified. 

- Information: Sue has shared details on their allocation system.

### Institute for Community Sustainability:

- Alternative Experiment: Designing a DAO-like structure for ICS, to be discussed. 

- Parallel Work: Developing resources for local node experiments to support, potentially through the playbooks project, which could provide guidelines for establishing DAO-style local nodes. 

- Direction: This could be an impactful direction, particularly in federations of local nodes coordinating across communities.

---

## **Deliverables**

### SuperBenefit Gatherings:

- Objective: Weave together network members as part of a community initiative.

- Partnership: Collaboration with AIFS, involving key participants such as Shanny, Nicole, Heenal, and Filsan. 

- Proposal: Shanny is working on a proposal to the Ontario Trillium Foundation (OTF) with resource planning and feedback from Madam Cult Leader. 

- Workspace: Underway to consolidate knowledge around gatherings.

- Next Steps: Decentralize authority by potentially creating a role to push gatherings forward. Include Women Win Borrel and Menzies podcast as archived gatherings.

### SuperBenefit Playbooks:

- Status: Awaiting feedback from the core team. 

- Next Steps: Reese should be paid for the discovery report and a light strategy for moving forward. 

- Collaboration: Networking with other playbook creators at OpenCivics to collaborate on outputs. 

- Expected Outputs: A meta playbook (DAOs and Philanthropy playbook) and other playbooks created in collaboration with OpenCivics.

### Other Media:

- Opportunities: Exploring partnerships for podcast episodes and media. 

- Podcast: Working on an interview about the local impact of Network State projects with TBS. Potential partnerships with podcasters such as Drew Simon.

- RFP: Need to write an RFP for media to inform and reward creators. 

- Reporting: Provide weekly reports to the RPP Core team based on progress.