---
group: rpp
tags:
  - tasks
---

---

## **Admin Workstreams**

### General Coordination:

- Clarity around workstream tasks has improved, and there is now a stronger sense of coordination milestones emerging across different teams. New conversations have been initiated with OTF for additional funding​ .

- Some workstreams have stopped work for Phase 1, and are figuring out how work will be managed in the future.

### Onboarding:

- Status: [Onboarding Workstream Page](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/reimagining-power-onboarding-draft-01741435812079062) now live. The [orientation guide](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/reimagining-power-orientation-guide-draft-7277798369973094) is in progress (thank you everyone for the feedback). Onboarding buddy role has been crafted.

- Meetings: Onboarding has been integrated into CX meetings, which are now taking place on Discord every Wednesday from 12 to 1 EST. 

- Next Steps:

  - Complete Onboarding Documentation

  - Onboard Julia and Jose (in progress)

### Social Impact:

- Paper Progress: [Two pager completed](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1182283093630009444/1291514648889131119/Reimagining_Power__How_Web3_Can_Reimagine_Power_in_Social_Impact_3.pdf?ex=6704fd7f&is=6703abff&hm=e446aaa6a349ff11cf332a8be940b4c8e3d053d797b80a2399de86d779488920&) and reviewed. Longer veeted. Manuela and Filsan to meet with Rather and finalize. Then share with team. Mind map of challenges: draft shared at last core team. Filsan to complete and add to Figjam, for rest of team to share feedback.

- Direction Change: The direction of the paper has shifted to better align with core team strategy.

- Partner Convening: Ongoing, with an emphasis on integrating insights into future strategies.

- Next Steps:

- Wrap up the Social Impact paper and plan how to share it

### Knowledge Stewardship:

- Phase 1: Complete, with some bounties still needing fulfillment.

- Phase 2:  Planning phases are probably phasing out. Need to re-plan workstream tasks and coordinate w/ onboarding for contributions

- Databases: Created for various types of information generated by RPP, including topics/terms, artifacts, and links. Task Handling: No current process for managing tasks and bounties.

- Workstream Status: The Knowledge Stewardship workstream is no longer needed within RPP; contributors can use the KS admin workstream in Charmverse to track related work.

### Primitives:

- Initial Framing: Complete, but formatting for readability is needed based on core team feedback.

- Next Steps: Work on the parts of the DAO primitives that we need to interface with the facilitation process. To integrate DAO primitives models with issues/power dynamics identified in experiment facilitation framework and apply these insights to the experiments scoping/implementation. This will include making pattern libraries useful and how to facilitate working through these in the design phase. 

- Workstream Status: No need to continue the DAO Primitives Workstream beyond its current state.

---

## **Experiments**

### AIFS:

- Focus: Exploring a network governance structure for AIFS. We'll be helping to craft a narrative around Gatherings and building opportunities for sharing and co-ownership.

- The AIFS gatherings have confirmed funding through Canadian Tire and OTF. The decentralized authority structure is being developed for managing these gatherings .

- Timeline: Monthly Gatherings to run from November to March. Need to set dates and plan a timeline for getting the Gatherings set up

- Next Steps: Commence planning for Gatherings once final funding confirmation arrives

- Participants: AIFS, SB, OTF, JumpStart, Women Win, Ready Sport, Calgary Parks, potentially Krause House.

- Calgary Parks are being looped into the gatherings and see where this guides us. We will use this as an opportunity to evolve the AIFS governance in general as it changes it's shape

### Equality Fund:

- "A scoping session for the Equality Fund experiment has been completed, focusing on exploring Web3 tools to address specific pain points like fund distribution, transaction approvals, and foreign exchange. The team are preparing a Discovery Report and will continue working with Sue to zero in on ideas for experimentation."

- Timeline: Fall/Winter, potentially identified. 

- Information: Sue has shared details on their allocation system. She has an idea for an experiment doing participatory grantmaking in parallel.

 

### Institute for Community Sustainability:

- "Initial stakeholder mapping and sense-making around the Institute for Community Sustainability (ICS) have begun. Discussions are focused on developing a DAO-like structure to guide future initiatives."

- Parallel Work: Developing resources for local node experiments to support, potentially through the playbooks project, which could provide guidelines for establishing DAO-style local nodes. 

- Direction: This could be an impactful direction, particularly in federations of local nodes coordinating across communities.

---

## **Deliverables**

### Gatherings:

- Objective: Weave together network members as part of a community initiative.

- Partnership: Collaboration with AIFS, involving key participants such as Shanny, Nicole, Heenal, and Filsan. 

- "Funding for the AIFS gatherings has been confirmed with $20,000 CAD from Canadian Tire and OTF. Discussions are underway to decentralize authority over event management, potentially creating an 'Event Steward' role to oversee these gatherings."

- Next Steps: Decentralize authority by creating "Gathering Steward" role to push gatherings forward.

  - Most gatherings work is not RPP-related. We should map stakeholders and get resources to the relevant contributors

  - Funding just confirmed through Canadian Tire and OTF ($20k CAD total)

  - If we can support where we can, pushing some funding where needed

  - AIFS is taking the lead and there is little for us needing to do

  - The responsibility can be pushed to AIFS (probably Shanny) 

  - Need to create a role for this 

### Playbooks:

- "The Playbook Project operational plan is advancing, and the team has received a report from MoreReese. A clear definition of 'what constitutes a playbook' is being developed to ensure consistency and alignment across future tasks."  

- Status: Visioning and planning session completed on Sep 9. MoreReese is developing a report, which includes project plan, project charter, stakeholder registry & risk registry, and recommendations/next steps

- Collaboration: Networking with other playbook creators at OpenCivics to collaborate on outputs. 

- Expected Outputs: A meta playbook (DAOs and Philanthropy playbook) and other playbooks created in collaboration with OpenCivics.

- 10k was raised for the OS patterns project which will fold into the playbooks project

- Super task for Playbooks is here  

- Research tasks are being created to engage contributors in Playbook design

### Other Media:

- Opportunities: Exploring partnerships for podcast episodes and media. 

- RFP: Need to write an RFP for media to inform and reward creators. 