---
tags:
  - meetings
date: 24-10-2023
source: "[2022-04-19 - Weekly Meeting Notes - DAO Primitives](/notes/dao-primitives/primitives-archive/primitives-docs/2022-04-19%20-%20Weekly%20Meeting%20Notes%20-%20DAO%20Primitives.md)"
---

# DAO Primitives Meeting - 10/24/23

## Attendees
## Updates
## Discussion topics
- Rowan - RPP, do we want to offer to set up infrastructure for the SHG?
- Rowan - Review WREEP plans and sync up on any decisions or help needed
	- Ananth to have a look at wallet onboarding flow
- Rowan - Discussion about what to include in the DAO primitive - review docs in clarity
	- Separating into 3 domains
		- Concepts - general framing ideas and 
		- Facilitation - for governance facilitators - things like policy architecture, guides for determining a group's scale or state etc - Strategic
		- Patterns  - for DAO team members to apply - rubrics for creating cells etc - Tactical
		- Put the 3 of these as top level domains in gitbook and build out from there. 
	- "Primitive" - using the web3 DSL definition of Primitive but specifically we are taking an approach of developing social primitives
		- What is the framework in which this is meant to operate? - this is the meta Primitive
			- This includes the broad ideas/concepts around organisational design 
			- What is the problem space and what is the approach to solving this
		- What is the actual things? DAO Primitives - this is easy to understand
			- Cells
			- State
			- Roles 
			- Tasks
			- DAOs
			- Make sure we align the language with web3 usage of things like roles. Be clear and consistent with the language
		- Trying to explain both of these things at the same time is too difficult 
	- What is the front matter for explaining "DAO Primitives"?
		- Defining Primitives as web3 DSL / contextualizing as social primitives for human teams/org
		- DAOs as PANSAT
		- Design insight into structural dynamics
		- Operational/community/stakeholder gov structures that stem from PANSAT
- Task management and comp framework - updates post clarity
- User experience for SB as we evolve - we need to have some usable designs. Perhaps this is something that we can do.
- How can we support RPP in operationalizing?
	- Start conversation around work items, etc

## Decisions
## Action items
- Rather to create a repo in gitbook for the cell primitive work to come together