---
tags:
  - meetings
date: 12-09-2023
source: "[[2022-04-19 - Weekly Meeting Notes - DAO Primitives]]"
---

# DAO Primitives Meeting - **9/12/23**

- ## Attendees
	-  
	- **Regrets:** 
- ## **Updates** 
	- 
	- (rather) Added #[[notes/archive/clarity/Tags/dao primitives]] tag and re-tagged all linked pages
	- (rather) Cleaned up tasks and flattened Patterns/Modules Hierarchy

		- ⬜️ P-290 Patterns & Modules - DAO Primitives
		- Contents are organized using the Modular Politics framework (linked within)
- ## Discussion Topics
	- ## 
	- (rather) Have been testing DP framework in groups without mentioning concepts or imposing structure. Great results and feedback so far.
	- (rather) Suitability of Cell <-> Function parity for active teams - Is this really necessary?
		- Cells as functional units are not autonomous and contradict working model of "Purpose-driven networks of small autonomous teams"
		- Too many multisigs - Members are seeking workarounds (this increases DP workload)
		- Cell Primitive adoption is low among autonomous teams and lack of clarity persists. Should we revisit the use of cells as functional divisions?
			- Alternative proposal: Stop using cells as functional divisions. Use Hats instead. 
This leaves teams free to use grouping behavior to self-select and can form cells only as needed to fulfil mandate / proposal requirements. Flattens org chart.
	- (Rowan) Review project management (tasks/kanban) and make sure that we plan and log contributions across multiple different contexts/projects
	- (Rowan) Plan next steps for the RP project and meeting
	- (Rowan) Plan next steps for EEP
	- (Rowan) Discuss stakeholder group/module design and naming
	- (ananth) AIFS hats tree rebuild
	- ### Topics for next week:
		- 
- ## Action Items
	- [x]  @Ananth to redeploy the AIFS hats tree
	- [x] @rathermercurial will draft Hats tree for obligatory DAO model
	- [x] @rathermercurial to outline DSL for problem space in #[[DAO Primitives Framework]] 
	- [x] @Rowan  Add a summary of the RPP doc to the top of the doc and share the draft with the team before the meeting

>Notes from meetings held prior to this point were recorded in the All In For Sport Clarity base and have been copied here for convenience.