---
tags: meetings
date: 23-07-2024
---
**Weekly meeting notes & agenda for the SuperBenefit DAO Primitives cell.**

> Notes for older meetings can be found on [Clarity](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7):
> [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7)

---

# Meeting Agenda

## Updates

- safe hats modules

- Applications for open civics grant round starts tomorrow 

  - rather and Rowan to work on this tomorrow

## Discussion Items

-  Review RPP next steps ideas 

### RPP Progress report

![Partnership Summary & Annual Updates_Web3 and Systems Transformation_july2024.docx](https://cdn.charmverse.io/user-content/215aa41f-717d-493c-a04b-09eaa7ea95fa/0c325813-0c86-468e-806b-dabb495e82e8/Partnership-Summary-&-Annual-Updates_Web3-and-Systems-Transformation_july2024.docx)

-  

  - Currently we are not collaborating and coordinating as effectively as we could 

  - Updates needed to core team agreements to reflect the next phase of the project

- Admin Workstreams

  - Lacks coordination and clear view of what's being done. Unclear what is a dependency and what is parallel work. Tasks in most streams appear to be progressing slowly.

  - Onboarding

    - Progress unknown?

  - Social Impact

    - Paper is progressing.

    - Immediate need is to feed core insights relating to social impact into team design conversations for next steps

  - Knowledge Stewardship

    - Main Phase 1 tasks complete; Some bounties need to be filled. Ready for Phase 2

    - Need help from onboarding to fill bounties.

  - Primitives

    - Initial framing complete; Formatting for readability / usefulness based on CT feedback.

    - More insight needed from CT around how to make this more useful.

- Experiments

  -  

  -  

    - Defining an impact attestation schema and figuring out an impact scope to organise the attestations (e.g a hyper cert)

    - We need to provide the technical basics of the design and support them to implement it. 

    - The project is waiting on us to come back to them with a one pager of this design so we can get started. 

  - Equality Fund

    - Need to reconnect with IF. Interest in exploring data management around verified credentials. 

  - ICS

    - 

- Deliverables

  -  

    -  Partnership with AIFS (rather to add details)

    - Shanny and Nicole are participating

    - In conversation with Madam Cult Leader on scoping advice offering a workshop on hosting events

    -  

      - Thinking of this as a superbenefit community initiative

    -  

      - Proposal for initial funding for AIFS gatherings (plus other gatherings that we want to fund)

  -  

    -  Morereece still waiting on feedback from the CT. Need to pay them now. Then will produce the discovery report and a lite strategy for moving forward

    -  

    - Meta playbook (DAOs and Philanthropy playbook) + other playbooks we create + open civics collaboration

  - Patterns / Infra

    - Generating a pattern template - using the Moloch for Sociocracy design and a template starting point

    - Open civics collaboration to develop patterns 

    - Developing a presentation/delivery mechanism for patterns (e.g a web frontend) - perhaps we use the Knowledge Commons frontend 

  - Other Media

    - Podcast episode?

    - Opportunities to partner with Drew Simon and other podcasters 

### Motivating Activities

- High-bandwidth work sessions

- High-agency workgroups

- Phase 1 Coordinape?