#[[onboarding]] hosting #[[to discuss]] 
# Hosting Squad - Ideas/Actions to Discuss
## Ideas

Participation
Roles and squads
- Role names align with squads or not?
- Roles vs gifts/skills
- Squad membership

How (and why) to encourage/gamify participation
Process for following up with new arrivals
Idea: Mentorship of new members
Discord maintenance
- Update “Start here” message
	- Add sentence aimed at web3 newbies
	- Add invite to events channel
	- Encourage people to say hello!!
- Remove/Rename channels?
	- #research-academia - seems to be a close overlap with #reading-room
	- Not sure how to make the channel names more unique/fun??
- Discuss adding channels for:
	- QOTD/getting to know you
	- Web3 newbie questions
	- Discussing the impact side of the project. Without that, what roles/squads are non-web3ers supposed to take on??

It is the platform people are using as a server 
## Questions for discussion

Test assumption, curious about web3 and want to start on this journey? Do they want to set up the tools? Do they want to lurk and learn? Do they want to contribute to the structure and set up of SuperBenefit? 
Learning cohort? To help each other to learn together - set up mentor? 
Shared calendar
Governance - people who have not seen this may not see how they plug in, hierarchy of roles not people 
Timing with other roles people play, geography
Set up a learning journey - mini curriculum with some action points
- Discord Tour
- Set up web3 tools - MetaMask, BrightID, Newton.io 
- SuperBenefit Virtual Party - connect with others in SuperBenefit Community
- Web3 adventure tours

Finding/sharing resources. Two questions:
- What resource(s) have you found most helpful on your web3 learning journey so far?
- What big question(s) do you still have?
	- Follow-up: community guides/hosts will find resource(s) that address the question answered and share it with the participant


Culture. Time for day off. Exhale, not just holding a breath.
Meditation, pause for a breath
Cycles of action and reflection. Seeding first.
Loneliness. Belonging.
24/7. Constant FOMO.
“I don’t know what’s going on.” Role: helping people to make sense of the chaos
26:30 designing the off-season, holding dichotomies
Ideas:
FAQ channel
Regular announcements
