




# CXI Notes

To review:
- #[[23 Community Experience Project]]
- #[[Community Experience Squad]]  
- #[[Member Experience]] 
- [Hosting notes and links](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/9fae7a51-1e48-4c69-a637-0bd0573348ee)
- [ReFi interviews summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dzJX3Rhs7WZIjRcVdhMG0ddl2_6b5lUdTWco0iBumOc/edit)


What is next for the Community Experience Squad and Information Squad in Revolution 1?
## Relationship building and community member success (source: [Peter Pan](https://medium.com/1kxnetwork/how-to-grow-decentralized-communities-1bf1044924f8))
Once you’ve identified community members who want to participate meaningfully, you want to better understand their goals and needs.
- **What brought them to the community in the first place?**
- **What does their journey into crypto look like?**
- **Are they aware of different opportunities to get involved?**
- **Is there anything they are particularly interested in?**
- **Are they working on anything else themselves?**

The goal here is to focus on building a relationship first and only then can you better understand where someone can fit in the community and how the community and help them each their own goals. This can happen through ‘new contributor’ community onboarding calls or even 1-on-1 outreach calls to the most actively engaged community members you identify.

# A community’s first win
Communities only become real when they achieve their first win.
Enthusiasm is not enough to keep a community alive.
They have a million other places they can spend their time and energy
Why this community? What do people want to achieve and how is the community going to help them do so?
For people to trust the community, it needs to show real value first.
When no value is created, people dis-engage.
**A lot of the time, this will look like asking your community what goals they want to achieve and executing upon it on their behalf.** While others might help, the reality with new communities is that you will most likely be pulling most of the weight.
By empowering those around you to have an influence on what matters and what is to be executed, you prove that the goals of the community matter.
You are your community’s first contributor.
If you do not show up, no one else will.
Real trust is only formed when you put the interests of others over your own.
This trust forms the center of gravity for most communities and is what makes people willing to self-sacrifice and commit themselves to a larger vision. But only when they get value from the community, do they a reason to give back.
Most never get there.
Earning this trust within a community will take time.
But it all starts with a community’s first win.

## Hiring community builders ([source](https://medium.com/1kxnetwork/how-to-assess-new-community-building-hires-for-token-networks-a2672c07dd58))
When hiring for team members to drive community building efforts, there are three general ways to consider candidates:
1. **[value alignment] Are they aligned with the values and overall mission of the community?**
2. **[track record] Do they have any past crypto community-building experience? Or if not, do they have the potential to become a great community operator?**
3. **[ability to execute] Can they execute and follow through?**

## Questions to ask candidates
- Why do they think the work of the project is important?
- What sort of values do you think the project should protect and uphold?
- Why are you in this space? Why come work for this community?
- How has a community personally influenced yourself?


