_Weekly meeting of the Reimagining Power Core Team at SuperBenefit._

---

## Summary

- The group discussed the agenda and planning for the upcoming stakeholder meeting on January 13th, including potential topics like updates on the RPP strategy playbook, strategic stewards experiments, and the convergence of Web3 and AI in impact investing.

- Heenal proposed the idea of exploring quadratic funding at a local level or making it accessible to non-Web3 folks, as there has been interest from various groups.

- The group discussed the possibility of creating a playbook cell and providing a budget of $4,000 USDC to cover the creation of artifacts needed for the playbooks project.

- The group discussed a future experiment idea involving the convergence of Web3 and AI in impact investing, potentially as part of the next phase of funding from OTF.

- The group discussed the potential opportunity with Bowen, an impact investing firm, and explored the possibility of collaborating with them on creating a new funding vehicle or index that utilizes Web3 mechanisms.

- The group considered the idea of convening partners and creating a light paper or white paper to define a new funding vehicle that could attract investment from organizations like Bowen.

- The group discussed the possibility of Bowen providing capacity-building support or funding for exploring how Web3 could amplify the impact of their portfolio companies.

- The group acknowledged the need to shape their own vision for the next experiment or phase, rather than trying to fit into Bowen's specific requirements.

Minutesüìù Reimagining Power Core Team Notes üïû Started at 02:01 PM on 09 Jan, lasted 1h 8mFacilitation and Personal UpdatesRather volunteered to facilitate the meeting.Participants shared their current states and feelings.Rather felt good after listening to Heenal's Poetic Harvest multiple times.Heenal expressed feeling great, productive, and inspired by a recent gathering.Rowan did not have a great night's sleep but otherwise felt good.Filsan reported feeling excited about the start of the year and potential upcoming work.Michelle joined late but expressed excitement about reconnecting with the group and local initiatives.Naan mentioned getting back into the swing of work.Project Metrics and Unique Attendees TrackingThe group briefly discussed project metrics, noting that at least one more gathering had occurred.There was a discussion about tracking unique attendees at events, with a suggestion to create a separate table for this purpose.The energy and breadth of perspectives at a recent gathering in early January were acknowledged.New elements tested at the gathering included Jose's music and Heenal's Poetic Harvest.Proposal for Playbook Cell CreationRowan mentioned a proposal to create a playbook cell to coordinate the delivery of playbook goals.The proposal includes a budget request of $4,000 USDC to cover the creation of necessary artifacts.The team was asked to review the proposal and provide feedback or questions.The group has met a couple of times in the past two weeks to keep things moving along.No specific exciting updates were mentioned, with a reference made to the meeting notes for more details.Upcoming Stakeholder Meeting AgendaThe group discussed the agenda for an upcoming stakeholder meeting on January 13th.Topics suggested for the meeting included updates on RPP strategy and playbook progress.A review of strategic steward experiments was suggested.A deliverables progress report was proposed.Discussion on the convergence of Web3 and AI in impact investing was included.Exploration of future experiments and funding opportunities was also suggested.The group debated how to make the stakeholder meetings more generative and engaging, similar to the energy experienced in recent gatherings.Challenges in bridging the knowledge gap between Web3-savvy participants and stakeholders were discussed.Quadratic Funding Implementation IdeaHeenal introduced an idea about implementing quadratic funding at a local level, making it accessible to non-Web3 individuals.This concept has garnered interest from various groups, including LLaMA locally in London and in the sports space.The potential for this idea to serve as an onboarding piece and awareness-raising tool was discussed.The group considered whether this could be incorporated into future funding requests or experiments.Meeting with Brian from BoannThe team discussed an upcoming meeting with Brian from Bowen on January 23rd.There was a conversation about clarifying what Bowen might be prepared to fund, with a focus on avoiding proposing to create a fund for them.The possibility of Bowen contributing $20k for a convening role similar to what was done for Windfall was discussed.The team debated whether Bowen would be interested in funding ecosystem expansion efforts or if they prefer funding experiments that directly use Web3 tooling.The potential for creating new funding vehicles that use Web3 mechanisms to deploy capital more effectively was explored.The group discussed the possibility of leveraging Bowen's capacity-building support for their portfolio companies to explore Web3 applications.The team agreed to compile various ideas and potential approaches to present to Bowen, while also considering other funding opportunities beyond Bowen for the next phase of their project.

---

# Check-In

`What are you mad, sad, glad and afraid of today? (You can pass by saying "I'm in")`

---

# Updates

## Progress Review

`Review steering metrics in the task linked below. Briefly describe changes to each. Address clarifying questions.`

   

### Steward Updates

`List any updates from the OS Stewards and link latest docs below`

- **Gatherings Steward Updates**

  - Gathering 2: 

 https://www.bonfire.xyz/allinforsport/stream-on-jan-08-2025

  - Poetic Harvest: 

 https://www.bonfire.xyz/allinforsport/gathering-2-harvest

- **OS Steward Updates**

  -  

  - Latest Progress Report - ?

---

# Agenda

- Agenda/planning for Stakeholder Meeting on Jan 13 (michelle)

  -  

- Future experiment idea - increasing access to QF (heenal)

- Report back of OS meeting discussion of BOANN opportunity (rowan)

  - Boann is looking for a **portfolio**, **index** or **derivative**.

  - Possibility for BOANN to contribute a little funding (say 20k) and pair this with the next round of OTF funding to work on this. 

  - BOANN is bringing on team member who is experienced in web3. This project could be a good use of this person's time. 

  - Pitch a small engagement 

  - We would be convening people who are building infrastructure, this could be the first round of investible opportunities. This could provide for BOANN's desire for investable opportunities. 

- Proposal to create a Playbooks Cell (rowan)

 https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/page-6905471498790134


---

# Action items

- rather will update progress report for stakeholder meeting

- michelle make a doc outlining 4 (?) different options for next round of OTF funding