---
tags:
  - meetings
date: 14-11-2024
---
_Weekly meeting of the Reimagining Power Core Team at SuperBenefit._

---

## Summary

- Rowan shared an update on the Playbooks project, including the Operational Plan and the need to identify Playbook Stewards.

- The group discussed whether Playbook Stewards should wear the Super Benefit Contributor hat and agreed to use the Community Member hat instead.

- The group discussed remitting payment to Christina BorrowLucid for narrative writing on All in for Sport and Reimagining Power.

- The group approved remitting payment to Spencer for creating consistent styles for the website and knowledge base.

- Rowan and Naan worked through changing the settings for the All in for Sport Snapshot space, which required signing from the Safe.

- Michelle proposed exploring funding opportunities with Boan Finance for work related to the impact investing space and Web3 tooling.

- Rather offered to set up tutorials on writing knowledge pieces for assembling Playbooks.

Minutesüìù Reimagining Power Core Team Notes üïû Started at 02:01 PM on 14 Nov, lasted 1h 18mTask and Reporting UpdatesThe team briefly discussed keeping up with tasks and reporting, with Rather admitting to being behind on removing a section from the meeting template.Heenal reported progress in the matrix tracking: One gathering had been conducted with two people in attendance, more members were engaged through the gathering, and a knowledge product (blog paper on paragraph) was recorded.Rather mentioned that a new progress report would be prepared for the following week.The team agreed to shift to a bi-weekly cadence for progress reports to reduce workload.Playbooks Project UpdateRowan provided an update on the Playbooks project, referencing an operational plan document.The plan includes a timeline with listed tasks, though it is still in draft format.Rowan mentioned a need to allocate Playbook Stewards who will determine cost estimates and other details.Gathering ReportHeenal reported that the gathering had taken place the previous day.While the output hadn't been fully processed, Heenal shared a Figma link for the group's work.The gathering was described as successful, with good contributions and smooth technical operations.Ongoing Experiment UpdateHeenal provided a brief update on an ongoing experiment, mentioning that more details would be available soon.A discovery report based on existing information was being compiled to determine next steps.Social Impact Paper Distribution EffortsMichelle reported efforts to distribute the social impact paper: Heenal and Filsan had presented the work in Michelle's governance, leadership, and ethics course, and Manuela was scheduled to present to the CFC CEO the following week.Michelle mentioned a certification on Blockchain, Sport, and Social Impacts that could benefit those joining their PP for Sport.Funding DiscussionMichelle brought up the possibility of seeking additional funding for their work: They mentioned reconnecting with Brian Smith from Boland, a social finance wholesaler in Canada who had shown interest in their Social Impact paper.The team discussed potentially pursuing funding from Boland in December.Rather suggested reviewing the budget in the next OS stewards meeting to identify additional activities that could be funded.Michelle proposed creating content about how Web3 tooling and coordination could impact the impact investing space, noting it as a unique angle in the ecosystem.Technical Issues ResolutionThe meeting concluded with Rowan, Naan, and Rather working through technical issues related to connecting wallets and signing transactions for a Snapshot space owned by All for Sport Safe.They encountered and resolved issues with wallet connections and permissions, ultimately succeeding in initiating a transaction that required additional signatures from other team members.

---

# Updates

## Metrics Review

Review steering metrics in the task linked below. Briefly describe changes to each. Address clarifying questions.

 

## Core Team Status

### To-Do's

Review last week's action items and update status:

**(none this week)**

## Operations & Strategy Status

`List any updates from the OS Stewards and link latest docs below`

-  

---

# Agenda

Updates:

- [AIFS Gathering 0](https://www.bonfire.xyz/allinforsport/gatherings-co-creation-session) (heenal)

- ICS Experiment (heenal)

  -  

- Social Impact Paper - promo from Crypto Altruism, DRC, web3forgood - strong engagement and interest (Michelle)

- Huron Governance Leadership Ethics, 4th year capstone course - Filsan and Heenal shared about web3 and reimagining power - they were phenomenal, and Manuela and Andrew CEO at Community Foundations of Canada (CFC) joining next week and have Manuela sharing about the social impact paper and her experience with web3 (Michelle)

- CFC meeting was rescheduled for first week of Dec with team about web3 and reimagining power project (Michelle)

- Certification on Blockchain, Sport and Social Impact, Ready Sport Global is live, can be used for those new to SB, AIFS, RPP [https://includ3d-accelerator.teachable.com/p/certification](https://includ3d-accelerator.teachable.com/p/certification) (Michelle)

- Playbooks update (rowan)

  -   

- IOC (International Olympic Committee) thread about AIFS application to Tech365 with context about the historical oppression of the IOC and with resources and book recommendation 

 ref: "[The Other Olympians: Fascism, Queerness, and the Making of Modern Sports](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/195790616-the-other-olympians)" by Michael Waters. ([related podcast](https://www.edgeofsports.com/podcast/the-trans-history-embedded-in-hitlers-1936-olympics/index.html))

 AIFS Discord Thread https://discord.com/channels/1079139924642635896/1304145393130668084/1304520059095613490 

Shorter agenda items:

- Review and feedback on Playbooks Stewards rolecrafting (rowan)

  -   

  - Are we happy for this to report to the RPP core team?

  - Are we happy with the proposed compensation?

- Developing the [SuperBenefit Contributor role ](https://app.hatsprotocol.xyz/trees/10/30?hatId=30.3.1) (rowan)

  - Decided instead to use the community member role as an eligibility requirement for the playbook stewards role. 

- Remit payment for BorrowLucid for narrative writing ($1500 - exceeds OS Steward discretionary)

  - Determined that more information on deliverables is needed

- Remit payment for Spencer (Paragraph & Knowledge Garden styles) - $500 (forgot to do at OS Stewards)

---

# Notes

## Action items

- rather to deploy updates to Community Member hat w/ agreement module

- Rather to follow up with BorrowLucid for Narrative writing details (AIFS, RPP or both?)

## Decision log

-    Agreed to pay ClinamenicLLC.eth $500 for design work on AIFS and RPP collateral 