
# Announcement about Events & Community Hosting & OnBoarding
The Community Hosting & OnBoarding SuperSquad are sharing some upcoming events with you - check out the upcoming events channel:
1. **SuperBenefit Welcome Party - Tues Dec 22nd at 5pm** **EST**- for newbies who want to learn about web3, SuperBenefit and/or Discord, AND for oldies who want to meet new people and help weave our community together.
2. **SuperBenefit Town Hall - Tues Jan 11th at 5pm EST- **this is our first SuperBenefit gathering of the year to set a course for our adventure together. Just by being part of this community each of us is a SuperHero and come share your SuperPowers for the benefit of a better future for all.
3. ****[Working Session] Coming together each evening to shine some light on the needy area of the day. All welcome. - Weekday evenings**  at 9pm EST - **Setting up a time for those who can join to hop online and bat around ideas and keep momentum up on the pressing tasks of the day… come join us in the #cafe-chat voice channel if you want to help out!

We invite you to join one of the SuperSquads and if community hosting & onboarding is your jam feel free to join in. SuperBenefit is for all of us by all of us. 
Stay tuned for a Learning 101 channel on Discord too. Stay Super!


## AGENDA Welcome Party
Put in chat
**AGENDA **
Welcome and Opening Circle (name, where you call home, and 1-2 words you would use to describe what is possible together)
In the chat, share on a scale of 1-10 your comfort level with web3 
SuperBenefit Community Share  -what they think SuperBenefit is and what we are doing together, what you are seeing, what you hope is possible  
Discord Tour  - could be people on call who know this well so needs to be mindful of this
Where are we going next 
Closing Circle  -  role and which projects/squads (if any) they would be interested in joining and what insights are you leaving with, and what will be your next steps with SuperBenefit? 

-- 

Welcome and Opening Circle (name, where you call home, and a few words you would use to describe what is possible together)
Share on a scale of 1-10 your comfort level with web3 
SuperBenefit Community Share - what you think SuperBenefit is and what we are doing together, what you are seeing, what you hope is possible  
Discord Tour / Q & A
Where are we going next?
Closing Circle  - What insights are you leaving with, and what will be your next steps with SuperBenefit? 

## Welcome Party Meeting Notes - December 21, 2021
Present: Michelle, Heenal, Thomas, Jayne, Jody
Introductions:
SuperBenefit Community Share
Discord Tour
Where we are going next
Closing Circle

## Welcome Party 6 January 2022

## Welcome Party 17 January 2022
- a


