#[community experience squad](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/community%20experience%20squad.md) 
# SuperBenefit Community Experience Survey

Purpose: To get input on the draft Theory of Change, and to get a pulse check on the level of web3 experience, reasons for joining SuperBenefit and how those who are part of the Discord would like to be engaged and what skills they bring and will share.
Who: existing community members in Discord and as those join SuperBenefit Discord
Suggested Survey Questions:
We are super excited to share a draft Theory of Change for SuperBenefit and to gather your input and insights. Further, the Community Experience Squad are checking in with our current SuperBenefit community to learn more about you, your interests, your skills and your experience as a way to understand our community and how best to engage you meaningfully.
Feel free to use bullet points for long form questions, or skip certain questions if not applicable. If interested, we would love to have a follow up conversation! DM @MBaldwin to set up a time or email michellebaldwinldn@gmail.com.


1. ==What is your Discord username? *Make sure it's the full username#1234 (Copy from your user handle on the bottom left of Discord. Note: If you input this incorrectly, your Discord permissions will not work)

Once you provide your full Discord username, the rest of this form will appear. ==

Click your username in the bottom left corner of Discord to copy it.
2. ==What is 3+2? *Please show us you're not a bot.==
3. ==Name (or pseudonym)
First and last, or however you'd like to be known==
4. ==Pronouns
They/them 
She/her
He/him
Other (please specify below)==
5. ==Email (optional)==
6. ==What is your Twitter handle? (optional, we just want to follow you and feel free to follow us @SuperBenefitDAO)==
7. How recently did you become interestedinvolved with web3? 
	- Less than a month ago
	- In the past few months
	- Early 2021
	- 2017-2020
	- Before 2017
	- Other
8. ==What piqued your interest in web3? e.g DAOs (decentralized autonomous organizations), NFTs (non-fungible tokens), DeFi (decentralized finance), new governance mechanisms, other?==
9. Have you set up a wallet? 
	- Yes
	- No, and I would like help to do this
	- No, and I'm not sure I want to do that yet
10. What is your wallet address (Note: never share your secret recovery phase aka seed phrase. SuperBenefit will never DM you directly asking for this) - **explain why asking for wallet???**
11. ==Why did you choose to join the SuperBenefit community?==
12. ==Tell us about your gifts and skills.  ==(choose all that apply) - **match these to our General Circle convo - is it linked to guilds/squads?///**
	- Community Builder
	- Comms/Marketing
	- Developer
	- Designer
	- Artist
	- Governance
	- Operations
	- Finance
	- Other
13. ==Additional Superpowers ==
Tell us more, including specific dev skills (front/backend, full stack, solidity) and any other skills, talents, gifts 
14. What would you like to gain from the SuperBenefit community?
15. What would you like to contribute to the SuperBenefit community?

==The next set of questions are to gather your feedback and ideas for the draft SuperBenefit Theory of Change:==
==16. What framings, intentions and language resonated with you in the SuperBenefit Theory of Change?==
==17. What would you like to see added, tweaked or changed in the SuperBenefit Theory of Change?==
==18. What does the SuperBenefit Theory of Change spark for you?==
- The SuperBenefit purpose is **to embed universal abundance and equity into the core infrastructure of the future**. What does that mean to you?
We are curious how this purpose statement lands with different people and greatly welcome your interpretation and input. Thank you for sharing your thoughts.
- The SuperBenefit mission is **to develop the social and financial flywheels that enable invention, investment, and acceleration of our purpose**. What does that mean to you?
Thank you again for speaking freely and letting us know the thoughts that this mission statement evokes and the questions that it raises
- As part of the SuperBenefit community experience, we would like to integrate a framework of reflective practice, and we'd like to understand better our community's existing practices. What are some of the ways that you currently practice reflection in your daily life (e.g. writing, visual art, music, coding, talking, meditating, other?)
- How can we help you make your experience with SuperBenefit the best that it can be?
What supports do you need? What environments do you thrive in? How can we co-create a nurturing culture and cultivate community?
- ==Please share your readiness to contribute to SuperBenefit (choose all that fit)==
	- Sign me up today for a role
	- Ready to jump in and need to reflect
	- Hesitant but open
	- No idea where to start
	- Want to keep learning first
- Thank you for taking the time to fill out this long survey. We would love to chat and get to know you even better! Would you be open to a 1-1 Zoom meeting with someone from the Community Experience Squad? (optional)
	- Share email here
- ==Is there anything else you would like to tell us about yourself, or what you are looking for? Do you have any questions for us? ==

