---
tags:
  - meetings
date: 20-06-2022
---
#[index](notes/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of June 20, 2022
#[tactical meetings](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/tactical%20meetings.md) Template
## Attendees
- Ayusha, Heenal, Michael, Michelle, Rowan

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?

## Projects
- SB Governance (Heenal)
	- Last week: Drafted v2 Governance concept: [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/c55a4d6a-e66a-40dd-a790-8ba48d3e2864](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/c55a4d6a-e66a-40dd-a790-8ba48d3e2864) 
	- This week: revise draft. proposal?
	- Blockers: 
		- Waiting for feedback: What needs to change? What's missing? I've tried to lean heavily towards "minimum viable governance" but maybe the governance too minimal and it's not viable??
- Contributor Guide
	- Last week: Drafted most sections of the Guide. Missing pieces on governance and compensation
	- This week:
		- Get to a "v1" by Wednesday in time for SB Coffee Chat. Michelle is tidying up the draft.
		- Tidy up Clarity Rev 1 projects in order to include useful links in the Guide
- Governance Conversations
	- Last week: Successful second Twitter Space!
	- This week: 
		- Recruit another panelist for space #3 - Michelle will DM Kayla Love, Michelle waiting to hear from Jasmine Wang about Divya or Max at Verses
		- Promote on Twitter, Discord, & other DAO discord channels that align
	- Blockers: 
- Governance research project 
	- Transmuted it through some conversations
- Community Experience
	- Last week:
	- Coffee Chat June 22 - slides updated, promotion
	- Governance Chat - event created, promotion
	- Meeting with Lesley Southwick-Trask who is interested in inverted consulting 
	- This week:
	- Host Coffee Chat with @Lewwwk @heenal 
	- Governance Chat - new format 

## Triage Items
- What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?
	- Can you give me some feedback on the v2 governance concept please? (Heenal)

## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?



