---
tags: meetings
date: 04-04-2022
---
#[old-gc-meetings](/notes/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/old-gc-meetings.md) 
# Week of April 4, 2022
## #[tactical meetings](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/tactical%20meetings.md) Template
## Attendees
- Ryan, Rowan, Michelle, Michael, Heenal, Alex

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?

## Projects
- #[222 Proposal for Governance Research Project (Rev1)](222%20Proposal%20for%20Governance%20Research%20Project%20(Rev1)) (Rowan)
	- Last week: 
		- Proposal approved on clarity
		- Conversations emerging around some themes/directions - fractal governance 
	- This week: 
		- Set up multisig (Michael to help)
		- Planning session with team - Heenal, Michelle & Rowan
- #[223 Proposal 4- Initiate the Governance Conversations project (Rev 1)](223%20Proposal%204-%20Initiate%20the%20Governance%20Conversations%20project%20(Rev%201)) (Heenal)
	- Last week: Drafted proposal. Thank you everyone for your contributions.
	- This week: Ready to post the proposal on snapshot
	- Blockers: Waiting for Snapshot author access
- #[Proposal for Contributor Guide](Proposal%20for%20Contributor%20Guide) (Michelle)
	- Last week: Draft 1 completed for proposal for a contribution guide for SuperBenefit and Heenal & Michelle discussed, further edits to be completed and posted tomorrow. 
	- This week: Post proposal for review.
	- Blockers: Unblocked today based on meeting with Heenal.
- #[151 Pre-launch contribution register](151%20Pre-launch%20contribution%20register) 
	- Last week: Several contributors updated their contributions on the register
	- This week:
		- Remaining contributors add to the contribution register
		- Then we will run a Coordinape (but not distribute any tokens)
- #[Intervention 3- Creating a Soul-Bound Portal to a Better Future](Intervention%203-%20Creating%20a%20Soul-Bound%20Portal%20to%20a%20Better%20Future) 
	- Krause House are starting to move forward with a similar concept to what SB planned/discussed: [https://www.figma.com/file/GnL6vejWSriHrwgqjQ55XX/Roster-Modelling?node-id=0%3A1](https://www.figma.com/file/GnL6vejWSriHrwgqjQ55XX/Roster-Modelling?node-id=0%3A1) 
	- SB could play a role as a facilitator?
- #[[Intervention 4- A Metacurrency for Metagovernance, Values and Acceleration
]]
	- Like an activist metacurrency
	- Gabagool is working on this, what role for SB?
	- medium-term possibility of applying for grants from NEAR, Celo, etc to support a big governance project

## Triage Items
- Update on TOC for KH etc for Alex?
	- Alex + Lewwwk to meet this week

## Other Items
### Carried over from last week
- Lewwwk: might be time to setup a core Rev1 budget. Thinking maybe 10k SPRB a month to be coordinaped among GC members. This would cover ongoing activities that fall outside of defined projects. Would like to discuss. Maybe also add a 100k set aside for bounties from GC.
	- ✅ P-230 Proposal - Establish a monthly budget for internal SuperBenefit activities (Rev1)
	- ✅ P-231 Proposal  - Establish a budget to fund bounties for Rev 1 
	- Next Steps - Rowan will put proposal up on snapshot for voting
- Communications and engagement strategy
	- Teaser Video next steps
	- Social Media weekly plan
		- ⬜️ SUP-229 Develop Bounty for someone to run our Twitter 

### New Item
- Governance conversation
- 'Services'
	- Theory of change service
	- Incubation service (web3)
	- Governance 'hosting' (for those exploring transition)

## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?


