---
tags: meetings
date: 09-10-2023
---
#[old-gc-meetings](/notes/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/old-gc-meetings.md) 
## 9/10/23
### Attendees
- @Rowan  @heenal @MBaldwin @Lewwwk @rathermercurial 

### Updates
- #[POW-275 Project Planning - Reimagining Power](POW-275%20Project%20Planning%20-%20Reimagining%20Power) 
	- Planning for initial stakeholder meeting - notes  [https://www.figma.com/file/ct2DHgl4NjNEyqOadB13ml/Reimagining-Power---Project-Planning?type=whiteboard&node-id=0-1&t=4yP6hkcoUr0fXf3x-0](https://www.figma.com/file/ct2DHgl4NjNEyqOadB13ml/Reimagining-Power---Project-Planning?type=whiteboard&node-id=0-1&t=4yP6hkcoUr0fXf3x-0) 
	- Stakeholder email on hold based on discussion today on who are the partners/stakeholders and some ideation financial steward if required [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/3dc1a79f-eaca-485b-811e-bb29a87fa242](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/3dc1a79f-eaca-485b-811e-bb29a87fa242) 
- #[P-261 Windfall - Residential Energy NFT](P-261%20Windfall%20-%20Residential%20Energy%20NFT)
	- Kickoff meeting Wednesday with Blockscience
	- SB proposal in development
	- community aspect of the project could be important as a demonstration to other parts of government of what is possible
	- Interesting nature of arms-length government relationship
	- government still has impression that blockchain is energy intensive
- Menzies Foundation
	- no update, waiting for Liz Gillies to circle back after talking to potential projects/stakeholders
- #[P-193 Community Experience- Revolution 1](P-193%20Community%20Experience-%20Revolution%201) 
	- @rathermercurial has identified we can have notifications for role selection. This would require:
		- A "Community Weaver" role for members who help onboard users
		- A "follow-up" role for users who need followup from a community weaver
		- A notification channel for community weavers, where the notifications will be posted.
	- Sourcecred instance created for EEP - Can open up to SB in the future
	- Heenal & Michelle meet Oct 11 about community experience at 9am ET
		- Will connect with rather following the meeting and set up further meeting if necessary
- #[P-257 DAO Primitives Framework](P-257%20DAO%20Primitives%20Framework) 
	- Cell model evolving - thinking about administration - functions and roles 
	- Anyone wants to talk governance design let Rowan know

### Discussion topics
- Who should rep SB and AIFS in the stakeholder group for RPP? (Rowan)
	- commitment = agree to a cadence of meetings, work on shared purpose, take the role of running optimistic governance
	- Filsan - facilitator (with Rowan's support)
	- Rather - governance facilitator
	- Heenal - reps Reimagine Institute
	- Michelle - CFC
	- AIFS - ask Shanny on weekly call this week
	- SB - Rowan
- Financial steward discussion for RPP with OTF and storytelling (Michelle/Heenal)
	- Windfall? depending on financial steward.
		- Will find out this week if OTF will support RI as financial steward with the suggested changes he put forward. Brent at Windfall is open to considering. If desired, can send him project scope/details and we can see. Expect it would be ok.
- Rev 1 initial SPRB allocation proposal: [https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1159379310143086634](https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1159379310143086634) (Michael)
- Role selection next steps (Michelle)

### Triage
- 
