---
tags: meetings
date: 14-03-2022
---
#[index](notes/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/index.md) 
# Week of March 14, 2022
## Attendees
- Rowan, Michael, Michelle, Ryan, Heenal
- Regrets: Alex, Mark, Peter

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?
- **Mad, Glad, Sad, Afraid... I'm IN **

## Checklist
- Are you up to date on discord in channels relevant to your role(s)?
	- Michael: yes
	- Michelle: yes
	- Heenal: yes
	- Alex: 
	- Mark: 
	- Rowan: yes
	- Ryan: no
	- Peter: 
- Are all task statuses and due dates up to date on Clarity for the projects/tasks that you are holdings?
	- Michael: no
	- Michelle: yes
	- Heenal: no
	- Rowan: yes
	- Ryan: yes
	- Mark: 
	- Alex: 
	- Peter:

## Metrics
- What's your capacity for SB in the coming week?
- Michael: 1.5
- Michelle: 1
- Heenal: 1
- Rowan: 1.5
- Ryan: 0.5-1
- Mark: 
- Alex: 
- Peter:

## Projects
#[Intervention 1- Mapping pathways to the future](Intervention%201-%20Mapping%20pathways%20to%20the%20future)  (@Rowan  )
- Last week: Convo MikeAlex/Rowan  
- This week: Setting up Map-making conversations + first conversations
- Blockers: Getting a feel for where the team is at and who wants to be involved in what comes next

Project name/link
- Last week:
- This week:
- Blockers:

#[information squad](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/information%20squad.md) (@heenal )
- Last week:
	- (from previous week) Updated Discord welcome/rules, start-here, branding; Tooling Guide on Clarity; FAQ
	- CCS Semester II; working on co-ops pack
	- Call with Caryn Tan (CCS/Clarity)
	- Scoped out web3 & climate article with Reva & Michelle
- This week: 
	- Working on Contributor Guide
	- CCS Semester II - web3 & technological determinism elective; web3 & social impact elective
	- Call with Sarah Drinkwater & others in CCS on web3 & inclusivity
	- Planning map-making? :) 
- Blockers
	- Can we set up a CXI group on Clarity?


- Project name/link #[Community Experience- Revolution 1](Community%20Experience-%20Revolution%201) 
	- Last week: 
		- Call with Caryn Tan CCS about community experience
		- CCS Semester II
		- 1:1 with Ashraf.Impactrio.co about interest in systems change
		- Stepping up 1:1 interactions with those in Discord
		- Tested "question of the week"  - What do you do to care for yourself when you feel the world is on fire?
		- Reva is working on a project related to climate critiques 
	- This week: 
		- CCS Semester II - web3 & social impact elective
		- Call with Sarah Drinkwater & others in CCS on web3 & inclusivity
		- Contribution Guide template & follow up with Caryn Tan & Clarity
		- Planning map-making if helpful?
		- Writing about web3 and disruption to institutions/philanthropy - meetings with Michael, Heenal, Ivey
		- Ivey Global Citizenship class presentation that won group project and Ivey comms doing a story [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GuLiyx4V7YeRJBh5w_BItP25AxYn7oDa/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GuLiyx4V7YeRJBh5w_BItP25AxYn7oDa/view?usp=sharing) 
			- Questions they were exploring:
				- How will web3 and new technologies disrupt existing institutions?
				- What is our role as citizens in holding new systems like web3 accountable to embed equity?
	- Blockers:
		- N/A


General updates from Michael:
- #[Intervention 1- Mapping pathways to the future](Intervention%201-%20Mapping%20pathways%20to%20the%20future) 
	- OCAD Students, TBD (meeting upcoming, 
	- Guacamole engagement?
		- what are the sensemaking activities that they could be involved in? 
- #[Intervention 2- Building Capacity and Interdependence Through Governance](Intervention%202-%20Building%20Capacity%20and%20Interdependence%20Through%20Governance) 
	- Verses offered to help engage and shared excitement for superbenefit serving as 'glue'
	- Micro-invitations around sense-making toward a 'rebel alliance' - what are the things we can do to explore if there is interest in the notion of a rebel alliance 
- #[[Intervention 4- A Metacurrency for Metagovernance, Values and Acceleration
]]
	- Gabagool keen after initial conversation. This week: 60 minute session on friday.
		- Conversations about meta governance will have a follow up on this conversation. How to ensure decentralization and that self-interested founders don't have an undue influence.

## Triage Items
- What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?
	- Who is leading on #[Intervention 1- Mapping pathways to the future](Intervention%201-%20Mapping%20pathways%20to%20the%20future)?
		- project groups? who wants to lead on that invitation of sense-making work - people landing so how to engage them 
		- Alex unavailable this week - Heenal & Michelle have some interest & capacity, Rowan interested but not deep experience, Mark has experience and interest
		- Next Step: Meeting to frame out for minimum viable path for #[Intervention 1- Mapping pathways to the future](Intervention%201-%20Mapping%20pathways%20to%20the%20future) @Lewwwk @AlexH @Rowan   + whomever is interested to be there
		- Sense-making now is sense from the foundation of theory of change and to sense make what the future looks like - about everyone else and rest of the world, not trying to say SB is something, mycelium to move nutrition around usefully
	- Any offers of support for #[Intervention 2- Building Capacity and Interdependence Through Governance](Intervention%202-%20Building%20Capacity%20and%20Interdependence%20Through%20Governance) - rebel alliance conversations/sense-making 
		- Michael to run with some conversations and see what he can sort out
	- Access to Clarity. Create a CXI group? Or share individual task with Caryn Tan. @Lewwwk to have a look at clarity and see what's not working for Heenal to get access @heenal 
		- can we do DAO to DAO collaboration spaces, does it related to our road map, should we resource with $SPRB, if in clarity should fit with our purposes
	- Need to connect with @flashlight about Ayusha and her next steps/projects and video - @Lewwwk any insight on this? - MB

## Longer Items
- Review of where we got to last week and next steps on mapmaking
	- What are we thinking?
		- Conversations
		- Broader sensemap-making
	- Who is interested to be involved and in what ways?
		- de-emphasizing the squads and more resourcing projects and consider how to use $SPRB, budget to projects not squads
		- Michelle - review outline, event planning, promotion, attend

## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?
