---
tags: meetings
date: 27-06-2022
---
#[old-gc-meetings](/notes/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/old-gc-meetings.md) 
# Week of June 27, 2022
#[tactical meetings](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/tactical%20meetings.md) Template
## Attendees
- Ayusha, Heenal, Michael

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?

## Projects
- Contributor Guide (Michelle)
	- Last week: V1 completed and sharing it with those new to SuperBenefit
	- This week:
		- Share Contributor Guide in Weekly Update, add to start here channel @heenal and share in Discord
		- @heenal can you help with process for distribution of $SPRB, maybe a meeting with @MBaldwin 
	- Blockers: 
		- Are we ready to allocate $SPRB now that we have a "v1" of the contributor guide or do we want to wait for more contributions to flesh out some of the missing pieces? Need to confirm with the project team.
- Governance Conversations (Michelle)
	- Last week: Confirmed Tina Jennen, Alex introduced to Michelle and email sent with details and Twitter promotion with info sent
	- This week: 
		- Questions for June 30 session, meeting Tuesday with Governance Convos team
		- Promote on Twitter, Discord, & other DAO discord channels that align
		- Host Twitter Spaces Convo
		- Notes and article for June 30 convo  and then roll up article for all three convos
	- Blockers: 
		- Heenal needs Twitter verification code from Michael in order to download Twitter archive and preserve the Twitter Spaces recordings
- Community Experience (Michelle)
	- Last week:
		- Follow up Working Group 11 - Business Structures, Catalyst 2030
		- Some DM support for SB community, getting some engagement in Discord - woohoo!
		- Hosted Coffee Chat June 22 - one person came but used time with Michael, Heenal and Michelle (see GC channel for notes)
		- Planning Coffee Chats going forward Mondays 8:30pm EST and Wed 12 Noon EST to try to hit all timezones
	- This week:
		- Weekly Update
		- Governance Chat - @MBaldwin won't be there this week
- SB Governance (Heenal)
	- Last week:
		- Drafted #[governance concept v2.1](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/governance%20concept%20v2.1.md) and received feedback
		- Fist-to-five vote passed
	- This week:
		- Can we consider this to be officially adopted now? Is a Snapshot vote necessary?
		- ⬜️ SUP-258 We can post this and the contributor guide and be open to feedback and review again at the end of Rev 1 
- #[SUP-246 [BOUNTY](SUP-246%20[BOUNTY)(Heenal)
	- Last week:
		- Created [spreadsheet with proposed $SPRB distribution](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1woeSHgViAYAxzIqYUQIz9cdPBR4J8vro5EGfM4OY1yU/edit#gid=0) for Rev 0 Discord supporters (thanks, Ash!) to be distributed from 100k Rev 1 pot.
	- This week:
		- Get GC input on the spreadsheet (can we do this at the Tactical Meeting?) and finalize allocations
		- Ash to request ETH addresses so that tokens can be distributed
- Information systems (Heenal)
	- Last week: Did not have time to dive deep into Clarity 2.0 features
	- This week: Spend more time on this 
- DAO Primitives project (Rowan)
	- Last week: Developed draft proposal
	- This week: Rowan will get it up on Snapshot in the next couple of days
- Governance research (Rowan)
	- Last week:
		- Posted 3rd in series of Mirror articles. Not had much take-up yet.
	- This week:
		- Post Tweet threads on specific aspects/themes of the post
		- This could be a good bounty to post

## Triage
- Can we consider #[governance concept v2.1](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/governance%20concept%20v2.1.md) to be officially adopted now? Is a Snapshot vote necessary?
	- No vote needed at this stage
- Twitter recordings - need verification code from Michael (Heenal)
	- Got the code :)
- GC feedback on proposed Rev 0 token distributions (Heenal)
	- Will share in Discord for the whole GC's feedback
- Discord refactor - is it ok to archive guilds now? (Heenal)
	- ok to archive guilds
	- Heenal to audit roles - are people selecting roles?
