---
tags: meetings
date: 30-05-2022
---
#[old-gc-meetings](/notes/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/old-gc-meetings.md) 
# Week of May 30, 2022
#[tactical meetings](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/tactical%20meetings.md) Template
## Attendees
- 

## Checkin
- How do you arrive?

## Projects
- Project name/link 
	- Last week: 
	- This week:
	- Blockers:
- Project name/link #[governance conversations](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/governance%20conversations.md) 
	- Last week: 
		- promotions of Governance Convos
		- confirmation of speakers
		- prepped questions to offer a starting point
	- This week:
		- promotion of Governance Convos
		- confirmation of speakers for June 16 & 30
		- listened to Twitter Spaces to see flow and set up
	- Blockers:
- Project name/link: #[superbenefit contributor guide - working draft](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/superbenefit%20contributor%20guide%20-%20working%20draft.md)  
	- Last week: 
		- additions to contributor guide
		- full review at meeting and divided up remainder of sections
		- set deadline for first version for June 10th
	- This week:
		- governance structure for SB discussion 
		- additions to contributor guide
		- book meeting to review new content
	- Blockers:
- Project name/link #[233 [BOUNTY](233%20[BOUNTY) 
	- Last week: 
		- Testing some of elements from guide on SB Twitter
		- Draft tweets in progress from curious.ath
	- This week:
		- Continue sample tweets 
	- Blockers:
	- Project name/link: #[193 Community Experience- Revolution 1](193%20Community%20Experience-%20Revolution%201) 
		- Last week: 
			- Weekly Update
			- Presentation to Wasan Network about SuperBenefit [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vl_UR4yGnI1jS8NPohZTELaKJemK6gXC/edit#slide=id.p1](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vl_UR4yGnI1jS8NPohZTELaKJemK6gXC/edit#slide=id.p1) 
		- This week:
		- Blockers:
- Project name/link - #[222 Proposal for Governance Research Project (Rev1)](222%20Proposal%20for%20Governance%20Research%20Project%20(Rev1)) 
	- Last week: 
		- Latest post
		- Meeting with research project team
	- This week: 
		- Next post writing
		- M,H & R to meet to figure out token distribution for the revolution we have just done. Simple informal process and focus on what we learn from doing it. 
		- Research project team reviewing and reflecting on what interesting trends we see in the set of governance docs that we have collected in notion. This should highlight some areas of interest for the people participating in the project and give us an idea of who might want to do what on the project
		- Prepping for governance conversation this week
		- H&R to meet and do a review of the SB governance
	- Blockers:

## Triage Items
- What tensions do you have that need resolution to move forward in your work?

## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call?
