---
tags: meetings
date: 31-01-2022
---
#[old-gc-meetings](/notes/general-circle/old-gc-meetings/old-gc-meetings.md) 
# Week of January 31, 2022
## Attendees
@Lewwwk @remarkk @Ryan  @MBaldwin @heenal @AlexH @Rowan  
Regrets: @flashlight 
## Checkin
How are you arriving?
## Checklist
- Are you up to date on discord in channels relevant to your role(s)?
	- Michael: yes
	- Michelle: yes
	- Heenal: yes
	- Alex: no
	- Mark: no
	- Rowan: yes
	- Ryan: yes
- Are all task statuses and due dates up to date on Clarity for the projects/tasks that you are holdings?
	- Michael: no
	- Michelle: yes (only because of Heenal :)
	- Heenal: yes
	- Rowan: yes
	- Ryan: no?
	- Mark: no
	- Alex: probably not
	- 

## Metrics
- Flashlight: 2-3 hours
- Heenal: 1.5 days
- Rowan: 1.5 days
- Michael: .5 days
- Mark: 0.5 days
- Michelle: 1.5 days
- Alex: 1 day
- Ryan: 1 day (late week/wkend) 

## Projects
- #[Community Experience Project](Community%20Experience%20Project) - @MBaldwin 
	- Last week:
		- 1:1 meetings
		- Weekly Update
		- Recruitment Transformation Storytelling Fellow
		- Support Verses DAO
		- #storytelling planning meeting
		- GC meeting, CXI Tactical meeting, ToC meeting, verses meeting, Storytelling meeting, CXI General Meeting
		- Audited "How to master NFTs" (did not master :) and added to learning pathways
		- Exploring philanthropy contributed to crowdfund, some roadblocks around tax implications and climate impacts as anticipated
	- This week: 
		- Update learning pathways
		- Weekly Update
		- Final interviews Transformation Storytelling Fellow 
		- Practical ideas related to equity conversation 
		- Start Introduction to web3, Crypto & DeFi  and we have a debrief session booked with Heenal Rajani, Gordon Holley, Michael Redhead Champagne [https://dandelion.earth/events/61ad29373d9e26000f67acb9](https://dandelion.earth/events/61ad29373d9e26000f67acb9) 
- #[68 Set up Information Systems](68%20Set%20up%20Information%20Systems) - @heenal 
	- Last week:
		- GC meeting, CXI Tactical meeting, ToC meeting, Welcome Party, web3 library meeting, verses meeting,  Storytelling meeting, CXI General Meeting, meeting with BPetes
		- Support Verses DAO
		- #[storytelling](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/storytelling.md) planning
		- Tidy up Clarity
		- #[tooling](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/tooling.md) Guide v0.1 
		- Drafted: #[153 [BOUNTY](153%20[BOUNTY) 
		- Got Discord admin access
	- This week:
		- Update Getting Started page on Notion (Jai)
		- Publish more #[bounties](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/bounties.md)
		- Update Discord rules/welcome message
		- #[Update Discord welcome message](Update%20Discord%20welcome%20message) 
		- Start 4-week crypto course
		- Upon completion of Discord channel/guides refactor: Update Discord messages and Notion site
		- Other things that come up ;)
- #[$sprb](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/$sprb.md)
	- #[45 Launch $SPRB Governance Token](45%20Launch%20$SPRB%20Governance%20Token) 
		- Last week: Discussion on multisig
		- This week: #[137 Create SB Multisig](137%20Create%20SB%20Multisig), #[138 Proposal 3- Create $SPRB ERC20 token for the SuperBenefit DAO [DRAFT](138%20Proposal%203-%20Create%20$SPRB%20ERC20%20token%20for%20the%20SuperBenefit%20DAO%20[DRAFT)] 
	- #[46 Contribution recognition and rewards event](46%20Contribution%20recognition%20and%20rewards%20event) 
		- Last week: #[139 [BOUNTY](139%20[BOUNTY) not claimed, #[65 Design contribution recognition and reward process](65%20Design%20contribution%20recognition%20and%20reward%20process) , #[151 Pre-launch contribution register](151%20Pre-launch%20contribution%20register) 
		- This week: tbd
- #[74 Crowdfund - "Hello World"](74%20Crowdfund%20-%20"Hello%20World") 
	- Blocked on equity inclusion
	- This week: tbd
- #[theory of change](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/theory%20of%20change.md) #toc
	- Feedback to be reviewed and incorporated into final iteration at end of week
	- Initial thinking on map making has been shared for comment - will progress further and repost in a new project after ToC is wrapped
- #[7 Governance Implementation](7%20Governance%20Implementation) 
	- Need to reopen our v0 governance concept with new findings
- #[resource flow squad](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/resource%20flow%20squad.md) 
	- first draft of layout of outline shared with feedback collected
	- working with Alex on map making to integrate that into the Resource Flow

## Triage Items
- Lewwwk: Still learning how to collaborate in this context and would appreciate #[feedback](/notes/aifs/feedback/feedback.md) from #[squad lead](/notes/archive/clarity/Tags/squad%20lead.md)s when it comes up.
	- **ACTION:** Please use #[feedback](/notes/aifs/feedback/feedback.md) protocol and give Michael feedback.
- Flashlight - need help recruiting graphic designers and writers.
	- The Storytelling Fellow could potentially help in both regards. @MBaldwin & @heenal are interviewing 2 candidates tomorrow (2nd interview)
	- **ACTION:** Request @flashlight to provide an outline of what he's looking for, something that can be shared; What can we offer people? How much time? Post to Guilds?
- #[92 Clarify Discord Roles and Flow](92%20Clarify%20Discord%20Roles%20and%20Flow) - blocked until next iteration on governance (guilds/squads) - @Lewwwk 
	- Blocked: Right approach from Mark to cascade.
- Learnings from BPetes on DAO Structure/Governance  - @remarkk 
	- It appears that some aspects of our holocractic approach to governance may not be appropriate for a DAO.
	- Guilds are guilds. It's all about skillsets.
		- **ACTION:** If there's a skillset your squad needs, ensure it's captured in the roles/guilds here: #[47 Refactor Guilds](47%20Refactor%20Guilds) 
	- How do people become a contributor? Bounties are a great way of trying someone out!
		- **ACTION:** Leads to create bounties, post to guilds to invite people in
	- Avoid creating many roles; Lead/Convenor and Contributor are sufficient. Squads are an emergent place for work to happen.
	- Role of GC: allocating funds
		- Some DAO's have a gap in strategy formation
		- Language of projects or squads
			- Lewwwk: I like squads, they could be spun up into teams, could have their own budgets
			- I like 1 role that can grow into a squad, it makes it easy for me to know one direct person to talk to
- Hello World Blocker: Equity inclusion - @Lewwwk 
	- **ACTION:** Work with @heenal on how to incorporate equity into the post.
- Transparency of meetings & chats - @heenal 
	- A principle of our governance is transparency, as well as autonomy. It's not easy for people coming into SB to learn about what it is and how to get involved. Transparency has shifted backwards. There is effort and risk in being radically transparent. e.g. Meetings of this Circle could be open to observers. How we use Discord - we use lots of DMs. Things should be readable/open. Squad meetings that are open.
	- **ACTION:** Leads to share project updates and documents in the appropriate Discord project channel. A minimum of a weekly update.
	- Project channels in Discord should be kept open?
		- @heenal - I'm not sure about keeping project channels open. There needs to be a private place for squads to have conversations day-to-day (instead of DMs)
- Out of Pockets and compensation - @remarkk 
	- 
- Engaging the Community in Proposals - @remarkk 
	- 
- I'm not clear on governance for treasury decisions @Rowan  
	- 

## Checkout