#[[notes/archive/clarity/Tags/dao primitives]] 
>ℹ DAO Primitives Meeting Notes have moved to [Charmverse](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/dao-primitives-weekly-meeting-11-28-23-481378320587434).
## 11/15/23
### Checkin 
### Attendees
### Updates
- ens updated

### Discussion topics
### Decisions 
- For compensation for WREEP we agreed to log tasks for the past month (but not earlier) and then have a conversation about what portion of the WREEP budget to allocate retroactively. Then decide in conversation what comp to apportion to each of the team. From there we will manage tasks in line with the task management framework. 

### Actions

## 11/07/23
### Checkin
### Attendees 
- Rather, Ananth, Rowan 

### Updates
- 

[Charmverse templates](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/charmverse-templates-244289220874357) created for DAO coordination

### Discussion topics
- (Rowan) Review onboarding plan and confirm tasks
	- scope of onboarding?
- (Rowan) Review incentive model
- (Rowan) setting up docs in charmverse

### Decisions
### Actions
### Planning
- **Setting up Project Stewardship Group**
	- Have the weekly meeting serve as the PSG meeting as well. The PSG can figure out its own communication separately.
	- Onboarding email / offer to NRCan people - ==be ready to do this for the 14th==
	- ~Agreement / NDA to be attested to by the core team and windfall~
	- Superbenefit scope - to be attested to by us and windfall / the project stewardship group
- **Mapping pilot stakeholders **
	- Windfall/Brent is holding this and is mapping the SHG and making introductions. BS will choose who they want to speak with. Brent will make the introduction. 
	- Customer interviews list for BS to choose from - these will take a month
- **Plan for pilot stakeholder group engagement **
	- ==Have all Pilot stakeholder group onboarding materials ready for Brent to meeti with Durham Regional CAO on Nov 14==
	- Brent will make contact with Pilot SHG members to onboard them to the project. Starting with the - Durham Region CAO (chief administrative officer)
	- Core team will manage the onboarding flow to the comms and feedback channels
	- BS will create an initial grounding doc (landscape of the existing state and problems). When this is done we will bring in the broader SHG we will push go on onboarding the stakeholders - probably mid November
	- BS's initial grounding doc - when it's starting to take shape we will move it gitbook and open up for comment and discussion in discord.
	- Onboarding flow for discord is here [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/298) 
	- Onboarding steps
		1. Onboarding resources including:
			- Link to public gitbook description of the project
			- Link to join discord
			- Link to Join stakeholder group
			- Link to join project community
			- Link to basic information about web3
			- Link to wallet setup instructions
			- Link to 1-1 help
			- Link to a support page to get help 
		2. Create basic "what is web3", including what is a wallet stuff - Jess has some library of resources to share for onboarding 
		3. Create a support page with contacts a link to a cal.com 
		4. ==Figure out special considerations for indigenous communities comms and participation in the process ==
		5. Set up an Onboarding event - PSHG onboarding
			- Pick a date for the onboarding session  
			- Put together post for launch
		6. Set up/finish onboarding docs in Gitbook
			- Project overview - perhaps make a starting page as this the first place to go and link out to wallet creation, discord onboarding etc
			- code of conduct + chathamhouse rules
			- Design the language for setting the tone/context for the group. 
	- Community management
		- Set up management for SHG conversations
			- Calendar of topics
			- Management of discord groups, setting up conversation threads, encouraging conversation - assign going this as a role
			- Set up ability for anon posting
	- Wider comms/PR
		- Jess can offer help on public facing PR comms - perhaps do a 30 min session to work some of this out (from Jess)
	- **Formal temp checks at draft and final**
		- Snapshot for temp checks
			- Check with BS if they want to break the drafts into pieces to temp check it. (discuss this with BS at this week's meeting)
			- Perhaps use multiple ongoing snapshots that cover different pieces and then people change their votes over time
			- Try to reward people with tokens for regularly updating their votes on snapshot
		- Perhaps use Lore for the community group management
- **Setting up the project Community**
	- **community launch timing and requirements**
		1. initial announce post
			- what's going on and why
			- what's the opportunity
			- how can you participate
		2. set of conversation / discussions/ actions (stuff for people to do)
			- areas of activity
			- questions / topics from blockscience - put together an initial topic calendar to seed the forum with  - we can publish this to the Project SHG 
		3. might be good to send the signup link alongside all other outreach (feel free share and invite colleagues/broadcast etc.)
	- **community incentive design**
		- A token that reflects contributions and can be used in decision-making mechanisms - see [https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wCVwJ685MwzfyAoUaMzjrVIqUCO-3NrZHFMru8ayY0/edit) 
	- **community grant fund design**
		- Possibly have a fund that is governed by the community token holders. With rage quit for capital contributors 
		- Mix of potential funders - insurance cos, govt grant funding programmes, philanthropics, 
		- Ideally, we have an open ended vehicle. Need to solve the fiat conversion. 
		- Get a small lead sponsor - 
		- Some of the activity could be operationalised through a cell as well as being pushed out as funding to wider community opportunities 
	- **Investment/capital fund - for implementation**

# 10/31/23
## Checkin
## Attendees
## Updates
- 
- Task Board[
https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/dao-primitives-task-board-20395522357076779](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/dao-primitives-task-board-20395522357076779) 

## Discussion topics
- ~Rowan - Attestations what needs to be discussed / done?~
	- NDA
	- SB scope work doc
	- [Agreements & Important Docs page](https://app.charmverse.io/superbenefit/agreements-important-docs-9163279737612673)
- ~Rowan - sync up on charmverse set up~
- ~Rowan - allocating DAO primitives cell SPRB~
- ~Rowan - creating superbenefit.eth sub domain for WREEP~
- ~rather met with Shanny re: AIFS~
	- Interest around using Hypercerts
		- We should do more POAPs
		- Attesting to impact that is being created. Create a scope of impact and reward people with NFTs around who is creating the impact 
		- Facilitate follow on funding by directing people to fund the hypercert ( [https://hypercerts.org/](https://hypercerts.org/) )
	- Shanny is creating a statement describing AIFS <> KH relationship. Combined with Cell state, this could be a good basis for formalizing partner relationship 

## Decisions
Decision - Allocate 20k SPRB to Ananth and rather, 10K to Rowan, 3k To Heenal and reserve 2k to allocate to other historical contributors to the project. 
## Action items



# 10/24/23
## Attendees
## Updates
## Discussion topics
- Rowan - RPP, do we want to offer to set up infrastructure for the SHG?
- Rowan - Review WREEP plans and sync up on any decisions or help needed
	- Ananth to have a look at wallet onboarding flow
- Rowan - Discussion about what to include in the DAO primitive - review docs in clarity
	- Separating into 3 domains
		- Concepts - general framing ideas and 
		- Facilitation - for governance facilitators - things like policy architecture, guides for determining a group's scale or state etc - Strategic
		- Patterns  - for DAO team members to apply - rubrics for creating cells etc - Tactical
		- Put the 3 of these as top level domains in gitbook and build out from there. 
	- "Primitive" - using the web3 DSL definition of Primitive but specifically we are taking an approach of developing social primitives
		- What is the framework in which this is meant to operate? - this is the meta Primitive
			- This includes the broad ideas/concepts around organisational design 
			- What is the problem space and what is the approach to solving this
		- What is the actual things? DAO Primitives - this is easy to understand
			- Cells
			- State
			- Roles 
			- Tasks
			- DAOs
			- Make sure we align the language with web3 usage of things like roles. Be clear and consistent with the language
		- Trying to explain both of these things at the same time is too difficult 
	- What is the front matter for explaining "DAO Primitives"?
		- Defining Primitives as web3 DSL / contextualizing as social primitives for human teams/org
		- DAOs as PANSAT
		- Design insight into structural dynamics
		- Operational/community/stakeholder gov structures that stem from PANSAT
- Task management and comp framework - updates post clarity
- User experience for SB as we evolve - we need to have some usable designs. Perhaps this is something that we can do.
- How can we support RPP in operationalizing?
	- Start conversation around work items, etc

## Decisions
## Action items
- Rather to create a repo in gitbook for the cell primitive work to come together

# 10/17/23
- ## Attendees


- ## Updates
	-  rather/rowan discussion about design
	- Plans for RPP team meeting
	- Ananth joining the GC?
- ## Discussion topics
	- Rowan (for rather) - Merging the WREEP core team and WREEP roles
	- Rowan - Discuss and decide on Sobol layout
	- Rowan - Review any prep for BS meeting on Thursday
	- Rowan - Defining and refining the actual Cell Primitive


- ## Decisions


- ## Action items
	- roll up hats trees - ananth
		- change collabland with new ids




# 10/10/23
- ## Attendees


- ## Updates
	-  
	- Sourcecred is live at [SourceCred.superbenefit.org](http://sourcecred.superbenefit.org/#/explorer)
- ## Discussion topics
	- Review conversation about Roleocracy article (Rowan)
	- Review and understand SourceCred (Rowan)
	- Discuss Sobol for WREEP pilot stakeholder group usecase (Rowan)
		- Set up hats tree with 4 main roles - core team, SHG, PSHG & PC
		- Set up roles in discord to reflect the above (+ comms channels)
		- From here develop Sobol as the visualisation of the structure - with people able to add to their profiles as needed but not expected.
	- 


- ## Decisions


- ## Action items

# **10/3/23**
- ## Attendees
	-  
	- **Regrets:** 
- ## **Updates**
	- Rowan had convo with Filsan and Aditi re: governance design. 
	- rather - #[[stakeholder governance]] doc created. Do we need this for #[[community governance]] and #[[operational governance]] as well?
	- rather - Generic group phase checklist created at #[[GR-299 Group Phase - DAO Primitives]] for ideation through organization phases.
		- Longer than I thought it would be. Does this need to be adjusted before moving forward?
- ## Discussion Topics
	- 
	- Feedback from last RP meeting:
		- Context needed around terminology, especially as names and definitions evolve. 
			- #[[stakeholder]] #[[stakeholder governance]] #[[community governance]]  #[[notes/archive/clarity/Tags/dao primitives]] 
			- #[[tags/governance]] #[[notes/archive/clarity/Tags/reimagining power]] #[[operational governance]] #[[web3]] #[[tags/governance]] 
		- Assistance needed in onboarding, context gathering, other help to be empowered to contribute. Knowledge gaps and difficulty keeping up with meetings/conversations is challenging.
		- Greater focus on facilitating communication & relationships is needed, along with hands-on assistance needed to help SHG participants onboard to tooling like Discord, Figma, etc. 
			- How do we integrate this into the web3 onboarding workflow for stakeholders? - rather
	- Rowan - Review tasks for WREEP and make sure we have covered everything off and know who is doing what
	- Rowan - prep for RPP meeting
	- ### Topics for next week
		- 
- ## Action Items
	- [ ] rather - Wrap language project into #[[G-294 Internal Coordination Functions]], correlate with #[[P-273 SB Governance Design - SuperBenefit]]
	- [ ]   rather - draft bill of deliverables for Possibilian and share in Discord
	- [ ]  ananth - sobol team management

# **9/26/23**
- ## Attendees
	-  @Rowan  @Ananth @rathermercurial 
- ## **Updates**
	- #[[notes/archive/clarity/Tags/reimagining power]] has requested #[[notes/archive/clarity/Tags/dao primitives]] team take on #[[Design Task Management and Compensation Framework - DAO Primitives (Old)]] in cooperation with #[[notes/archive/clarity/Tags/reimagining power]] 
	- #[[energy efficiency project]] has requested #[[notes/archive/clarity/Tags/dao primitives]] create cell incubation / stakeholder engagement / spin down/out function for sb
	- Sobol Labs
- ## Discussion Topics
	- On potential divergence in design ideas (rowan)
	- Task management and compensation framework (rowan)
		- DAO primitives cell, RPP & WREEP
	- Cell incubation/stakeholder engagement work - 
	- ### Topics for next week
		- 
- ## Action Items
	- [x] rather - Create checklist for cell formation at each stage
		- #[[GR-299 Group Phase - DAO Primitives]]  
	- [ ] rather - write up a simple rubric for the SHG to define their purpose 
	- [ ] Rowan - work with Michelle to set up the stakeholder conversations in the RPP
	- [ ] rather - Organize dao coordination projects in #[[G-294 Internal Coordination Functions]] 
	- [ ] rather - outline process for creating & managing Projects & Tasks in Clarity 
	- [ ] rather - Import EEP tasks from Figma to Clarity

# **9/19/23**
- ## Attendees
	-  
	- **Regrets:** 
- ## Checkin
- ## **Updates**
	- Trees deployed
		- [https://app.hatsprotocol.xyz/trees/137/14?hatId=14](https://app.hatsprotocol.xyz/trees/137/14?hatId=14) 
		- [https://app.hatsprotocol.xyz/trees/137/15?hatId=15](https://app.hatsprotocol.xyz/trees/137/15?hatId=15) 
		- [https://app.hatsprotocol.xyz/trees/137/16?hatId=16](https://app.hatsprotocol.xyz/trees/137/16?hatId=16) 
	- DAO Template tree outlined at 1st level:
[Tree #175 on Goerli | Hats Protocol](https://app.hatsprotocol.xyz/trees/5/175)

- ## Discussion Topics
	- What structure do we need to put in place for RPP and EEP for contracting - specifically establishing the stakeholder/TLC structure? (Rowan)
		- The financial stewardship covers the bases of a contract
		- The stakeholder group (including the financial steward) can communicate any requirements that they need from the relationship. This (along with the purpose/direction is referenced in the TLC Cell State (and stored somewhere else). This is the basic starting point for the stakeholder and TLC partnership.
		- 
	- Review DSL in #[[P-257 DAO Primitives Framework]] (rather)
	- Can we surface the AIFS hats tree in Sobol so that we can demo it for RPP and stakeholders (rowan)
	- Sobol for visualising projects (rowan)
		- Setting up Sobol for SP as a way of demonstrating out governance structure 
		- Set up a role for every group in sobol
		- 
	- Review Heenal's comments on stakeholder doc (rowan)
		- Hey team, I looked through the Stakeholder Model doc on Clarity again and I wonder if "Stakeholder Model" is the best term to use. It seems confusing.
		- As it says in the doc's summary section, "[The Stakeholder Model] describes and facilitates a set of relationships between a **Stakeholder Group** which represents high-level governance in the project and an **Operational Governance** (represented by a Top Level Cell of Cells)."
		- To simplify slightly, the Stakeholder Model is about the relationships between both high-level governance and operational governance. I think a name that captures this duality would be clearer and easier to grasp (for stakeholders/other external parties) than Stakeholder Model (which puts the emphasis on the stakeholder side of things and not the operational side of things).
		- Maybe something to do with "two-house governance". "Two-house community governance" or "two-house stakeholder model" or something.... I think that that could resonate with people as they will understand what two houses means, and they will understand the separation between "legislative" and "executive" functions of the governance model. 
		- That sparked a thought for me - now that we've modelled the legislative and executive governance functions, what about the "judicial" functions? To put it another way - functions such as conflict resolution, accountability, restorative justice (?). Not saying we have to examine this deeply right now but it feels like the "judicial" piece needs to be acknowledged/included within the model - it's part of what holds the circle together (the circle around TLC and the Stakeholder Group) or, to put it more figuratively, it maintains the container. Or maybe there's another way to answer questions like: how is the system maintained? What happens if the system breaks (or someone tries to break the system)?
		- Just my two cents! Forgive me if I've got the wrong end of the stick or have missed something!
		- I have some thoughts about how to structure all the info in the doc to make it more accessible for new stakeholders, too, but wanted to clarify this first and make sure I'm on the right page! Thanks!
		- https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/work/GR-309
	- ### Topics for next week
		- 
- ## Action Items
	- [ ] 

# **9/12/23**
- ## Attendees
	-  
	- **Regrets:** 
- ## **Updates** 
	- 
	- (rather) Added #[[notes/archive/clarity/Tags/dao primitives]] tag and re-tagged all linked pages
	- (rather) Cleaned up tasks and flattened Patterns/Modules Hierarchy

		- ⬜️ P-290 Patterns & Modules - DAO Primitives
		- Contents are organized using the Modular Politics framework (linked within)
- ## Discussion Topics
	- ## 
	- (rather) Have been testing DP framework in groups without mentioning concepts or imposing structure. Great results and feedback so far.
	- (rather) Suitability of Cell <-> Function parity for active teams - Is this really necessary?
		- Cells as functional units are not autonomous and contradict working model of "Purpose-driven networks of small autonomous teams"
		- Too many multisigs - Members are seeking workarounds (this increases DP workload)
		- Cell Primitive adoption is low among autonomous teams and lack of clarity persists. Should we revisit the use of cells as functional divisions?
			- Alternative proposal: Stop using cells as functional divisions. Use Hats instead. 
This leaves teams free to use grouping behavior to self-select and can form cells only as needed to fulfil mandate / proposal requirements. Flattens org chart.
	- (Rowan) Review project management (tasks/kanban) and make sure that we plan and log contributions across multiple different contexts/projects
	- (Rowan) Plan next steps for the RP project and meeting
	- (Rowan) Plan next steps for EEP
	- (Rowan) Discuss stakeholder group/module design and naming
	- (ananth) AIFS hats tree rebuild
	- ### Topics for next week:
		- 
- ## Action Items
	- [x]  @Ananth to redeploy the AIFS hats tree
	- [x] @rathermercurial will draft Hats tree for obligatory DAO model
	- [x] @rathermercurial to outline DSL for problem space in #[[DAO Primitives Framework]] 
	- [x] @Rowan  Add a summary of the RPP doc to the top of the doc and share the draft with the team before the meeting

>Notes from meetings held prior to this point were recorded in the All In For Sport Clarity base and have been copied here for convenience.
# **9/5/23**
- ## Attendees:
	- 
- ## **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- 
- ## Discussion Topics:
	- Defining scope of DAO Primitives vs Reimagining Power in relation to coordination-scale goals (ie Playbooks)
		- What R&D tasks can DAO Primitives abstract away from the RP project to narrow its scope?
		- Which Coordination-Scale goal & Constituency-scale invitation does DAO Primitives fall under?
- ### Topics for next week:
	- 

## 08/29/23
- ### Attendees:
- ### **Review of progress and readiness for:**
- ### Discussion Topics:
	- Plan/Prep for next RP meeting (Rowan)
		- Clarifying the role of the gov team for the core team
		- Project areas that we can share with the core RP team for next meeting
		-  1. Conceptual framework 
		- 2. Creating the tools modules
			- [Contents • SuperBenefit (clarity.so)](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/290)
			- Including how compensation
		- 3. Documentation the facilitation of implementing 
			- [Facilitation • SuperBenefit (clarity.so)](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/289)
	- Windfall meeting and set up (Rowan)
	- Reflections on team dynamics stuff (Rowan)
	- Doc for tracking Value Streams conversation:
		- [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/290](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/project/290)
	- SB - Will map out org debt payoff required for Discord import to Sobol

## **8/22/23**
- Attendees:
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
- Discussion Topics:
	- Set up of the Windfall cell (Rowan)
	- Review playbook, protocols and cell state forking designs (Rowan)
	- Plan for next RP meeting (Rowan)
		- Facilitate discussion around unfinished cell planning items
			- core team expectations, eligibility, accountability
		- Facilitate discussion around collaboration needs for policy development
	- Catching up org debt and laying groundwork for operationalization: (rather)
		- Membership Req's and Rights Proposal
		- DAO Advisory Group Proposal
			- [Operating Agreement - DAO State (allinforsport.org)](https://state.allinforsport.org/policies/membership/operating-agreement)
			- The Officer shall have the power to execute all contracts, agreements, conveyances, deeds, guarantees, leases, obligations and other papers and instruments of the corporation that are authorized by the Voter Community via valid governance output. Certain material decisions also need Board consent.- MetricsDAO via @Ananth
		- Soft Governance Proposal
	- Hats tree realignment to delineate (meta)governance, platform & operational authorities.Hats tree realignment to delineate (meta)governance, platform & operational authorities.
- Topics for next week:
	- Systems transformation sunset feedback
		- Lacked:
			- An onboarding structure/process. I think it would be valuable to create a more clarified way to onboard new folks into the DAO.
			- Pre-informed, pre-advertised agenda for each meeting. Sometimes it felt like the meetings were on simply because it was part of the routine. I think it would be beneficial to develop a decision matrix on whether to meet/not and co-create + share the an agenda ahead of time
			- Incentives for new members to stay engaged and feel like they own a part of the process/DAO
			- Lacked clarity about when the cell's work was complete, even though it was clear that energy had shifted 
			- Lacked capacity to write one or more blogs to tell the story of the cell and its learnings
			- started with idea about creating a web3 library but shifted purpose because not a lot of projects/protocols
			- My biggest learning is about the concept of system transformation. its widely discussed, but not sure everyone is clear about it or have a shared definition - Ash
		- Longed For:
			- more of an artefact that captured the insights and learning
			- spent lots of time re-introducing concept to new people. how to have onboarding
			- More time!
			- Clear defined goals for each phase of the journey. I longed to know what milestones we were working towards ... sometimes it felt like the goal was fuzzy and I still do not know if we have “achieved” what we set out to do.
			- A minimalist, clear approach to accessing info. It felt like there were instances of information asymmetry and this might have come in the way of sustained collaboration.

## **8/15/23**
- Attendees:
	- Rowan, Naan, rathermercurial.eth
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
- Discussion Topics:
	- Set up for RP meeting Thursday(Rowan)
		- Meeting play/agenda 
			- Refining details of the roles - rewards - tasks etc. What tooling needs to be managed etc
			- Establish communication protocols such as check-in, scheduling 
				- Checkin protocol: Limit "showing up" statements to a sentence, maybe two.
				- Provide clarity around the purpose of the check-in.
				- Draft policy for check-ins:
					- The team will use check-in rounds to begin regular meetings
					- The team will decide on what check-in method to use.
					- Meetings will begin by stating the purpose of the check-in round, describing the check-in method, checking in, then proceeding with the agenda.
					- If a member is not comfortable checking in, they can say "I'm In".
	- Potential risk of clarity as our document repository (Rowan)
		- (rather) Will add Clarity instructions/overview for cells + Plus add instructions at the top of resource pages
		- Plan for conversations with Clarity around subscription and service continuity.
	- Proposal for Windfall Cell set up - good to go? (Rowan)
		- Add Lewwwk to core team? (rather)
	- Design - discuss how the use of the Initial Planning doc and Cell State design as a process for creating a Cell (Rowan)
		- Will create a draft worksheet for this. (rather)
	- Adjusting purpose statement for Community Governance vs OpGov (rather)
- Topics for next week:

## **8/8/23**
- Attendees:
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
- Discussion Topics:
	- Tracking non-financial value flows - Feedback & questions from Michelle around recognizing & tracking valuable social interactions like networking, plus how to quantify impact.
		- Will test sourcecred locally & share notes
	- Support for "Ambassador" roles + how to recognize contributions.
		- Will take notes on recommended assets 
	- Prepare for RP meeting 
		- Reconcile Cell State Draft task with RP Initial Planning Doc
	- Thinking through the playbook design 
- Topics for next week:

## 1/8/23
- Attendees:
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
- New Discussion Topics:
	- Expense Mgmt for AIFS treasury
		- Should contributor expense claims be made to Ops or DAO Treasury?
			- Expense claims will be made to Ops multisig with compensation requested in OpGov proposal.
		- We will aim to add expense reimbursements to the proposal to formally establish the operational structure (when it happens). Ananth will have a look into possible expense payment applications (Parcel etc), for people to use to load their expenses. 
	-  DAO State standardization & CommGov framework
		- [https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/AIFS-Governance-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=2866-3229&t=HbOU4wzqI1x3Crjr-4](https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/AIFS-Governance-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=2866-3229&t=HbOU4wzqI1x3Crjr-4)
- Topics from Last Week
	- Delineation of AIFS Governance & DAO Primitives
		- Workstreams are becoming more numerous and diverse. Should we separate AIFS <> SB info, tasks, meetings, etc?
		- [https://www.figma.com/file/jxGVTNDkoCXlPaSWAl62oB/SuperBenefit-governance-design-overview?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=DwbRgQv6iLQPT39U-1](https://www.figma.com/file/jxGVTNDkoCXlPaSWAl62oB/SuperBenefit-governance-design-overview?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=DwbRgQv6iLQPT39U-1)
- Topics for next week:

## **25/7/23**
- **Attendees**:
	- Ananth, Rather, Rowan
- **Updates:**
- Discussion topics:
- We need to get the cell set up so that it is able to make basic decisions such as allocating funding towards the work that immediately needs to be done

## **18/7/23**
- Attendees:
	- Ananth, Rather, Heenal, Rowan 
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- Inter-org coordination idea for AIFS partners
		- [https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/AIFS-Governance-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=2741-2763&t=cjXZR8PA87m1CRfP-4](https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/AIFS-Governance-Design?type=whiteboard&node-id=2741-2763&t=cjXZR8PA87m1CRfP-4)
	- Reimagining Power Clarity Group
		- [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/group/POW/](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/group/POW/)
	- Hats tree structure
- Discussion Topics:
	-  Systems transformation cell needs Cell winddown guidance
	- SuperBenefit DAO playbook. Discussion on content - how can we be writing the content of the playbook as part of setting up the initial cell and stakeholder module 
		- Rowan to start sketching content in the playbook to share for feedback 
		- Rather will outline Approach & Terminology pages to organize the above
	- $oak?
	- Alternative approaches to Stakeholder Module needed for OTF project
- Talking about adopting an operating agreement for SB to make it possible to outline how a reputation system for community governance might be created 
- Topics for next week:

## **11/7/23**
- Attendees:
	- Ananth, rathermercurial
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- AIFS governance facilitation tasks seem to be caught up - Will re-check next week
	- Naan will deploy multisig 
- Discussion Topics:
	- Setting up cell tooling/docs for Reimagining Power project (SB)
		- [Doc • SuperBenefit (clarity.so)](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/docs/34bc89fd-df9f-4eef-8693-6c12007eddd0)
- Topics for next week:
	- Revisit SB Sobol config & check info

## 4/6/23
- Attendees: Ananth, Rathermercurial, Rowan
- **Discussion topics:**
	- Review proposal
	- Playbook outlines 

## 27/6/23
- **Attendees:**
- **Updates:**
	- BwB proposal in waiting to hear back
- **Discussion topics:**
	- Juice box for AIFS fundraise
	- Setting up a cell for OTF

## 20/6/23
- **Attendees:**
- **Updates:**
	- Windfall application didn't get approved, but still thinking about working on the opportunity
	- BwB application in
	- Community treasure chest (Idea coming from systems transformation meeting) - to fund people to participate in community governance experiments
- **Discussion topics:**
	- Review design ideas for stakeholder module

## 13/06/23
- **Attendees**: Rather, Ananth, Rowan
- **Updates**:
- **Discussion topics:**
	- Avenue - what to use instead?
	- Setting up a structure to govern and execute on the OTF funding
	- Review and discuss notes in Figjam
- What do we want the Cell of Cells look like?
- What might standards for building relationships from outside AIFS?
	- Design constraints for possible relationship interfaces
		- Does not resemble tithing or other forms of value extraction
		- Wraps governance and coordination around key stakeholders within community initiatives
		- Does not rely on extensive admin or ops
		- Stakeholders have a diluting share of governance authority
	- What might the shared values to support the above look like

## 6/6/23
- **Attendees**:
- **Updates:**
	- BwB
- **Discussion topics:**
	- Review Rather's notes in Figjam

## 30/5/23
- **Attendees**
	- @Ananth @rathermercurial @keepDRMN @rowan
- **Updates **
	- Update on possible/funding 
- **Discussion topics**
	- GroupOS
	- Cell of Cell 

## 23/5/23
- **Attendees**
	- @Ananth@rathermercurial @keepDRMN @rowan
- **Updates**
- Discussion topics
	- Potential funded work intersecting SB and AIFS - this is a good opportunity to step back and think about all the different pieces and think about reusability
		- Sobol are building a smart contract composer/deployer that can potentially deliver many of the components that we would need for the funded opportunity 
		- Sobol are keen to partner with us on delivering a governance structure - keen to build tools around the just in time kind of dao development 
		- Question - what things to make in what order?
			- Patterns around tooling
			- Documentation around these patterns 
			- Test they alpha when it's ready
	- Hats/Sobol - 
- Topics for next week

## **16/5/23**
- Attendees:
	- @Ananth@Rowan @rathermercurial
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- Fractal Doc primitive is not ready. Can demo if needed
		- Docs structure
			1. All in for sport - repo
				- Space are:
				- Overview
				- Operations - 
					- Docs for operational functions 
					- CELL states 
				- Governance - guides etc
				- DAO state 
	- Alternate GAAP implementation for rewards design
		- Image for reference
	- Update on potential funding from OTF
- Discussion Topics:
	- Re-Sync with Rowan on current happenings & progress
	- Sobol Labs Hats composer - [Sobol](https://sobol.io/d/labs/hats_composer/0x00000002?chainId=137) - Ananth will have a play with this and report back
	- Low priority: Use of negotiated joining for web3?
	- Put a timeline on deploying opps 
- Topics for next week:

## **9/5/23**
- Attendees:
	- @rathermercurial@Ananth
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- Brief discussion of CELL coordination design for operational governance
	- Check-In regarding readiness or rewards system
		- Discussion of potential barriers to rebasing token design
		- rather will create alternative implementation design for optionality

## **2/5/23**
- Attendees:
	- @Ananth@Rowan @rathermercurial
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- **Plan for tomorrow's Hat's session **
		- Multi-sigs for the Hats tree - new Safe for Opps silo
			- AIFS Governance Cell Safe matic:0x079f882BB19b002e38d41E1Fd36430EbabD9f70D
			- AIFS Operational Governance Safe - matic:0xfB8EbB8BA8429Ec38ee182032F9C23f963cC44eD
	- **Review Hats Tree Spreadsheet**
		- Questions for session with hats team:
			- What level of heirarchy do stewards fall into?
				- Same for meeting facilitators
			- Is each Hats tree its own contract?
			- Can top hats be transferred
			- How do re-orgs work?
- Discussion Topics:
	- Overview of WIP CELL Primitive Pseudo-Schema
		- [Doc • rathermercurial's Base (clarity.so)](https://app.clarity.so/rathermercurial/docs/a67b4877-9b3a-4633-8fab-8dbba4e3ba1e)

## **25/4/23**
- Attendees:
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- Governance Docs & CELL doc framewor:[All In For Sport Governance - All In For Sport Documentation](https://docs.allinforsport.org/v/governance/)
		- We will need a code of conduct reasonably soon so that the dispute resolution processes can be built on it. We should work with community experience to develop this in the next few months. 
		- MEETING NOTES - We need to pass a proposal to include a member badge in community governance, and include members in the UNA. This will include a criteria for people becoming members. 
			- Community governance will need to decide who gets to be a contributor by setting the requirements of being a DAO 
			- Perhaps - you wouldn't need to be a member to do something, but you will in order to get permissions to do anything. So you could start by contributing to a cell and then log a contribution in Govern to trigger membership. Other community members (i.e members from the cell) can attest to the contribution (with a minimum of 3 attestations for example. 
			- We could possibly use gitcoin passport to avoid sybal attack in the community governance 
- Discussion Topics:
	- Review DAO Central collaboration opportunities (podcast etc) [https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1014337908272017538/1098391644816023642](https://discord.com/channels/874697948838101092/1014337908272017538/1098391644816023642)
	- Check-In re: Polygon Multisig interface issues
	- Governance feedback / Participation incentives?
	- Plan for implementing early capture of contributions
	- Update on BwB

## **9/4/23**
- Attendees 
	- Rather, Ananth, Rowan
- **Today**
	- Review thinking about the rewards conversation 
		- Be really clear about which process for rewards is being used for the different scales of the network. This helps keep organisational silo's separate from a regulatory perspective 
	- Discuss possible partnerships to execute
	- Unpack the micro grants round idea 
		- Key deliverables 
			- Allo front end
			- AIFS community - Cell processes and support 
			- Operational framework 
			- Deliverables to the funder - Ontario Trillium Foundation
				- Possibly create a public-facing set of documentation to show what the primitive framework is and how to use it 
				- This would include reference to partnerships with the likes of Sobol 
		- Question - making sure that SB is doing the key things that contribute to ongoing, repeatable, reusable tooling 
			- AIFS will do more of the things like community engagement, less focused on the repeatable tooling. 
		- Question - 

## **11/4/23**
- Attendees:
	- Rowan, Ananth, Rather, Michelle, Heenal 
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- Review discord suggestions and feedback
		- Preference toward minimizing number channels in use
		- Preference toward focusing conversations into general-chat
		- Community guideline around channel usage and where/when addtl channels should be created
		- Hook up the Avenue bot to the general chat channel - to use it as a way to create rooms for emergent community conversation about ideas
		- Rather & rowan will coordinate to make updates to discord
			- ~Remove community channel and Partnerships channel from the Community space~
			- ~Swap out the partnerships-cell channel for the Partnerships channel above~
			- ~Change the Mod Lounge channel name to Discord Updates ~
			- ~Change the name of Ops-chat to "Cell of Cells"~
	- Review operational governance design diagram and reflections
- Topics from last week to revisit:
	- Re: States, PM/IM & Documentation:
		- How to move from "**There should be _xyz_ resource**" (relying on support staff to create something for me) to a culture of responsibility for clarifying our shared truth and understanding.
		- How to address coordination-scale ambivalence around norms, tooling, information-sharing, role clarity, etc.
			- Have a gov cell contributor attend CELL meetings to take notes & facilitate around cultural norms and CELL state development.
		- How to address ambivalence and/or lack of clarity around Membership Rules, CoC, Dispute Resolution and other "Soft Governance" topics.
			- Importance of creating a sensing & communication mechanism for calling out governance <-> operational divergence within comms
			- Facilitate conversations around social norms
			- hosting onboarding / navigating sessions
			- more humans needed in community experience
			- Incentives needed to further allocate time / coordination
		- Thanks to Michelle and Heenal for contributing to this discussion.
- Topics for next week:

## **04/04/23**
- Attendees:
	- Rowan, Ananth, rathermercurial
- **Review of progress and readiness for:**
	- **Gov State** initial commit prerequisites:
		- Deploy Ricardian NFT for treasury wallet
		- Setup multisigners (Shanny, Heenal, Rowan)
			- We need some form of agreement / expectations for multisigners
		- Notes
			- The NFT should be in the wallet before the gov state is committed. 
			- Ricardian NFT is now in the AIFS polygon wallet 
	- **Supporting docs**: Incorporating feedback from AIFS weekly
		- Preference for GitBook over Clarity for information resources
		- Events calendar needed - discord may be suitable
		- Current request / publication workflow potentially unsustainable without cross-functional comp or marketplace structure- Alternative: decentralized docs structure + coordination norms for centralized resources
- **Review revenue share model and develop**
- Topics from last week to revisit:
	- **Membership badges** should be updated to new contract, requiring gov state update proposal.- To make this proposal more meaningful, what other to-do's should be included?- Opportunity to decentralize?
		- Add community experience CELL as badge manager(s)?
		- Create membership requirements / "Member" badge?
		- Include Community Guidelines / CoC?
		- CX Cell Feedback needed.
- Topics for next week:

## 28/03/23
- Meeting format and evolution
	- ? Create a centralized info resource for CELL activity
		- Open or closed for contributions
		- Current activities
		- link to cell state/docs
			- Cell documentation around participation norms, sprint cadence, etc.
			- Explore ways to broadcast internal cell state/docs to constituency scale.
	- Rotating Facilitators / Scribes
		- Should have opt-in for facilitators
		- Should include culture of noticing patterns in communication
		- Scribing for the meeting can be ad hoc based on who has capacity at the time
	- Meeting Location / Cadence
		- Explore availability for fortnightly/monthly brainstorming meetings
		- Move tactical meeting to AIFS discord
- Review progress on current work, governance set up, docs etc
	- [GitBook Staging](https://app.gitbook.com/o/q4gQGqoLDMSfeK1Ur4jL/s/NcqLg5yh5nHbK4GBvWYP/~/changes/40/)
	- [Change Log for announcement](https://app.clarity.so/allinforsport/docs/7ac60092-c1ba-4f92-a938-aa49858b46b4)
	- Review tech stack and check for doc parity
		- Create holistic quick-reference for all DAO tooling on Clarity
	- Need to mint ricardian NFT before initial commit
		- Ananth to share the wallets on the multisig with Shanny, Heenal and Rowan 
		- Next meeting Rowan with Rather's help will mint the RNFT 
			- Mint Interface: [Wrappr - Delaware UNA](https://www.wrappr.wtf/137/0xe22ebfbd3e6609a9550a86545e37af7de1ee688b)
	- Rowan to get Meesh set up as a cell
	- Rowan to share the cell state with the cell of cells team 
- Collab with Partnerships team on Gitcoin/allo - 
	- We need 50k to use gitcoin/allo 
- Setting up rewarding mechanism for AIFS contributors 
	- Perhaps set up a daohaus for the early experimentation with allocating shares for early contribution. Start with the simple shares allocation to individuals via cell allocation 
	- Rowan to scope this out and share with the cell of cells and community 
- Discord set up - reflections
	- Have a discussion in the next cell of cells meeting to figure out what channels we want to have for discord
	- Action Items:
		- Team will coordinate brainstorming meeting availability
		- Rather will create a clarity overview page for cell activity and links to more info.
		- Rather will create holistic quick-reference for all DAO tooling on Clarity 

## 21/03/23
- Discuss response to 2 people who couldn't vote in snapshot
- Shannon/partnerships team and gitcoin/Allo stack set up

## 14/03/23
- Prep for posting proposal on snapshot
	- Setting up the snapshot - founder badge 
	- Get their addresses if they don't have a badge and pass to Ananth
	- Proposal - fist to five on using snapshot (Rowan)
- Next steps on cell primitive and cell of cells 
	- Cells will store their cell state in the DOA State repository 
	- To update this they will push a change request to the DAO state admins - each cell will have a person with Gitbook editor status. That way they can make the changes to their own Cell state
	- This will require some from the gov team to review the DAO state changes weekly to make sure that the changes are all okay.
- Plan for Gitcoin Allo stack and partnerships cell
	- Allo is expected to be live in April 
	- We are going to look to partner with Shanny on the gitcoin side of the first grants round 

## 7/3/23
- Updates
- Plan for review/temp check of gov state proposal
	- Updates
	- Share on commonwealth
	- Timeline 
	- Plan
		- Put proposal in post in Commonwealth - in markdown form
			- Post the proposal on it's own in commonwealth
			- Add in the timeframes and instructions in the telegram post 
			- 7 days for discussion
			- Post in snapshot in time for next thursday's AIFS meeting 
		- For the first proposal we will post the proposal directly into snapshot 
- Review Cell state layout, ready to share with Cell of Cells?
	- Feedback
		- Maybe do a graphic to make it easier to understand
		- Lay out which things are likely to be crucial in the start and which can evolve 
		- Try to get it down to a 45min process - a 1 hour meeting with fluff 
		- Have templates for different formats available 
- Safe states 

## 28/2/23
- Attendees
- Gov state proposal - review outline and get it ready for temp check
	- How do we choose who is on the multi-sig?
	- #Governance State Adoption Proposal
- Cell state - review AIFS Gov team state - [https://app.clarity.so/allinforsport/docs/18c5eb64-555d-4074-b7da-a17c2091bca3](https://app.clarity.so/allinforsport/docs/18c5eb64-555d-4074-b7da-a17c2091bca3)
	- Tease out how to split across AIFS and SB - what the different roles of each team is?
		- New wallets or use the SB ones we already have?
		- Which comms channels to use? (can we have a single channel across 2 discord servers?)
		- Getting set up for easy cell formation for Design, Sponsorship partner cell etc
- Discord - review set up
	- Plan to trial it with Cell of Cells and wider team - 
	- Invite Link: [https://discord.gg/HyeK5hf4vR](https://discord.gg/HyeK5hf4vR)
- Cell of Cells - work through topics to introduce in the channel 
	- Discord - testing the simple set up
	- Outlining the Cell State - (DAO primitive)
	- Coordination of projects 
- Allocating SPRB to team for previous contributions
- Status of USDC disbursal(info needed for risk management by some member/s to allocate more time to SB/AIFS)

## **22/2/23**
- Attendees
- Next steps on Gov state
	- Temp check 
	- Proposal
		- Michael to work with Shanny to get a proposal through KH to approve the 
	- PR
- Commonwealth set up
- Next steps for operational governance - 
	- forming up a cell of cells that will respond to community governance proposals. 
	- lPut an operation notes section in the docs so that people making opps decisions can log these in a transparent way pending the set up more formalised Opps function @rathermercurial
	- Pull together - the three existing cells into the first cell of cells - Rowan to reach out and set up. 
		- Agenda of first session
			- The grants round - how we are doing this - strategy, tactics - how the cell of cells will operate 
			- Clarity on how matching funding will works - think about producing materials to communicate this to sponsors.
				- Also what are the eligibility requirement for sponsors
			- Whether to set up discord as a comms channel 
			- Setting up an Opps cell (then cell of cells) - when will this be needed. 
	- Discord - Rather setting up a trial simplified discord - @Ananth setting up guild gating for discord 
	- Aloocationn of tokens to core team for work done in SB up to now
		- Set up a simple coordinape to capture the decision on-chain
		- Make the decision via a conversation 

## **14/2/23**
- **Attendees: **
- Review of [gov state](https://state.allinforsport.org/) and plan to share it for review asap
	- Ready for community review. TBD topics:- Instructions for telegram
		- Read through the doc
		- Attend a walkthrough of the docs - follow up with an invitation etc
		- 5 days to read and ask questions - 
		- Then temp check - if it's all thumbs up then we go to proposal in telegram 
			- If not, collect suggestions and iterate 
			- Moving to snapshot at the same time - 
- Updates on tooling 
	- Avenue - setting up call with Nelson to get us set up with Rooms - Rowan doing this 
	- Govrn - Ananth to set up Govern 
	- Commonwealth - we will start with commonwealth but be clear that we are testing it out. Do some onboarding calls to walk people through, and hopefully we can get the functionality for token gating. 
	- Topics - stages for steps in the governance process 
		- Next steps -
			- Space created
			- Threshold set to zero
			- Create more Topics - partnerships 
			-  Set up stages to map out the steps in the process (as per the gov state) notification + Feedback
			- Set up the gov state proposal using commonwealth as our test case 
			- Ananth to set up
	- Avenue - setting up call with Nelson to get us set up with Rooms - Rowan doing this 
	- Govrn - Ananth to set up Govern 

## **7/2/23**
- Attendees: Ananth, Rathermercurial, Rowan
- Intro to guests
- Overview of project and work (if interesting to guests)
- Conversation with Meesh on commonwealth vs discourse 
- Review of progress and readiness for:
	- Gov state / Docs
		- @rathermercurial has been sick; progress delayed
		- Approvals registry staged
		- Need input on Gov state policy / standard
		- DAO overview needs composition; can @Rowan  write introduction?
	- Snapshot voting move - push go on proposal in telegram?
	- state.allinforsport.org - live
- Topics from last week to revisit
	- Conversation to figure out rewarding contributors for recent work 
	- Revisit Domains this week - then share with Michael - Assets with potential domain configurations (and naming suggestions):- Discourse ([governance.allinforsport.org](https://governance.allinforsport.org) or [discuss.allinforsport.org](https://discussion.allinforsport.org))- Snapshot ([vote.allinforsport.org](https://vote.allinforsport.org))- Gov State ([state.allinforsport.org](https://governance.docs.allinforsport.org))- GitBook Collection ([docs.allinforsport.org](https://docs.allinforsport.org)) <- Edited by rm
	- Follow up decision on whether to push go on discorse - 

## 31/1/23
- Attendees: 
	- Review set up of multi-sigs and badging
		- Do we have a main multi-sig for Shannon?
			- Main multisigs - 1x mainnet 1x Polygon 
			- badger manager wallet:[https://polygonscan.com/address/0x0d352858bd4df5e659359c3525a697d9d948c8f9](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x0d352858bd4df5e659359c3525a697d9d948c8f9)mainnet multisig: Main treasury wallet - [https://etherscan.io/address/0x8FA66238EB372E348AA4071aA8a52B7565384D75](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8FA66238EB372E348AA4071aA8a52B7565384D75)polygon multisi: Identical treasury wallet[https://polygonscan.com/address/0x8fa66238eb372e348aa4071aa8a52b7565384d75](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x8fa66238eb372e348aa4071aa8a52b7565384d75)AIFS badger org:[https://polygonscan.com/address/0xeed76f3d0de104827357b37aa2f0ce3701e4ae28](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xeed76f3d0de104827357b37aa2f0ce3701e4ae28)
		- Can we lay these up in the gov state docs?
			- Is there information missing about where the $krause and gitcon grants funding is?
	- Review gov state docs
		- Proposal standards 
			- **Possible proposal process - 3 step process - 1. Posting the concept 2. RFC - request for comment on proposal draft (on Discourse) minimum 3 days recommended 1 week. 3. Proposal on shapshot - minimum 4 days recommended 1 week**
				- **We can shorted these if we need in order to make the operational decisions in the early days before it becomes the domain of operational governance.**
			- Gov state updater - just start with this
			- Leave CELL creation and develop it more organically with the community? Perhaps have a placeholder minimum viable.
	- ~Ideas for recording and rewarding work~
	- Layout for presentation at Thursday's meeting
		- I'm thinking the things to present in this week's meeting are:1. Outline of the overall governance model - 2 house model, CELL primitive etc (diagram)Gov state - even if it still needs work (and it will always still need work)2. Badging - voting, access control and a means to capture contribution for later rewarding3. Proposals - outline of the steps to create a proposal, get feedback and get it up for voting - badging as access control for discourse/snapshot etc4. Next steps for operational governance - setting up a session to figure out tooling as per the above conversation. 
		- undpNext steps - gov docs shared for review 
	- Minor issue: Need to figure out domain hierarchy for governance spaces. Currently, [governance.allinforsport.org](https://governance.allinforsport.org) directs to the gov state. This may not be conventional or ideal. GitBook domains also need to be reconfigured to match collection setup.Assets with potential domain configurations (and naming suggestions):- Discourse (governance.allinforsport.org or discussion.allinforsport.org)- Snapshot (vote.allinforsport.org)- Gov State (governance.docs.allinforsport.org)- GitBook Collection (docs.allinforsport.org)
- Tasks for next week - 
	- @Rowan  prep and deliver gov presentation for AIFS team meeting 
	- @Rowan  talk with Michael about paying for Discourse 
	- @Ananth Set up airtable to collect addresses for badges 

## 25/1/23
1. UNA set up 
	- The community governance needs to be sufficiently decentralised and are recommended to have a separate entity - e.g a ricardian LLC
2. Moloch / Kali / DAO Hause - Leaning towards Kali because it is designed to create the Ricardian LLC entity. 
3. Telegram / Discord ? - is there a better way? - Clarity and Sobol require discord to be useful
	- Perhaps have a very simple set up in discord - we would need to make sure that the set up and management of the discord. Discord permissions are very granular if needed
	- Rather has a discord template - we can spin one up and hack on it. 
	- Just have Community Experience section with events and navigation and then CELLS with a community and a core channel for each. And then a channel for each team of teams. 

## **17/01/23**
- Review timeline items - discuss, more to add? 
- Review Financial and Governance diagrams
- Discuss initial financial rewarding and governance mechanism
- Review Badging design
- Tasks to get to completion for:
	1. Github/gitbook state
		- Guides in Clarity - only editable by the Gov team
		- Rather hoping to have it done by Tuesday next week for feedback
		- Proposals, policy questions, rules for updating gov state - still needed
		- Guide with outline of CELL nucleus for working groups list (Rowan to add a guide to the CELL gov state to add to gitbook)
	2. Governance badging
		- @Ananth to create org, create badges, collet wallet addresses 
		- @Ananth will own the Badger org to start - with the intent of switching this to being an AIFS multisig. In the interim we will set up a fresh wallet and wrap this in some badging to give the Gov team access to the seed phrase to the wallet. 
	3. Proposal set up - discourse, snapshot
		- We will need an ENS - for snapshot
		- Set up the same wallet as for badger and set this up with ENZ for snapshot 
		- Hosting for discourse - @Ananth to figure out costs
			- We will need a credit card 
			- @Rowan  Rowan to have a chat with Shanny and Lewwwk about how to pay for things like Discourse - possibly use a crypto debit card 
		- Operational governance could go 100% through moloch - with badging on the governance layer
	4. Reward mechanism
		- We can use badger to give people vouchers - that they can redeem later - 
		- @rathermercurial@Ananth@Rowan  Set up a moloch and do some testing. On a screenshare.
	5. Sobol
		- We will hold off on this until we have more cells
	6. Multi-sigs
		- @Ananth to create the mainnet multisig and polygon - Ananth will go on as a signer and we will figure out who is going on the multisig following this. 
	7. UNA wrapper
		- Have a chat though the above with @Lewwwk and then decide on when to do this plus what entities to include etc. 
			- Use the operating agreement that's hosted on github. No official status but can get started
			- Then we can do the official processing of the UNA
			- Dellaware likely best option
			- May as well do this straight away
			- Then go to Endowment about becoming a fiscal sponsor - question do they need the official entity status. 
			- Let's put together the operating agreement and then do the UNA asap. 
- Dates added to timeline items
- Tasks set up in Clarity











# Governance research project (rev1)
- Week of May 31, 2022
- Template
- **Meeting length**: 60 mins
- **Meeting link** - [https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09](https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09) 
- **Cell-founding do**c - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- **Fig-jam link** - [https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1](https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1) 
- **Original miro board** - [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/) 
- Notion base  [Notion Base for Governance Research Project](https://www.notion.so/superbenefit/Governance-Research-Project-a3ec9b41b04542508337877484457632)
- ## Attendees
- Ananth, Heenal, Michelle, Rowan, Steve
- ### Apologies
- Ash
- ## Checkin
	- Mad, Glad, Sad, Afraid... "I'm in"... "Welcome!"... "Pass/I'm in"
- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks/overview 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project
	- Got [latest article](https://superbenefit.mirror.xyz/unisNGUtHyRF7Zcp9CBbC-VhICOvVm0uzTFJUPX-Icg) published
	- What might DAO consulting look like?
	- Reviewing [governance research table](https://www.notion.so/superbenefit/a3ec9b41b04542508337877484457632?v=17626404280a4a1fbe99c4127a9a82aa) - much feels self-referential
		- What are the goal and values of different DAOs and how do these inform the governance structures, in service of collective action?
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	- 
	- 
- ## Longer items
	- Discussion of governance themes that are emerging. Sync up on ideas and directions coming from the research work. 
		- 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
- 
- 
- ## Week of May 24, 2022
- Template
- **Meeting length**: 60 mins
- **Meeting link** - [https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09](https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09) 
- **Cell-founding do**c - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- **Fig-jam link** - [https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1](https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1) 
- **Original miro board** - [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/) 
- Notion base  [Notion Base for Governance Research Project](https://www.notion.so/superbenefit/Governance-Research-Project-a3ec9b41b04542508337877484457632)
- ## Attendees
- 
- 
- ## Checkin
	- Mad, Glad, Sad, Afraid... "I'm in"... "Welcome!"... "Pass/I'm in"
- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks/overview 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project
	- Heenal- Football.xyz interested in some help to set up. Been through the KH accelerator 
	- 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	- Update on possible incubator ideas 
	- 
- ## Longer items
	- Discussion of governance themes that are emerging. Sync up on ideas and directions coming from the research work. 
		- Put notes and headings in Fig-Jam
		- We are Individually going to have a look through some of the DAO charters/governance docs in the Notion and look for interesting governance patterns that we are seeing, especially that relate to the topics of interest that we talked about today.
		- Also paying attention to what might NOT be showing up in these documents. What are the governance features/functions that we think are important that are not being described and that therefore might be just done in more of an adhoc way by these DAOs. 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ## Week of May 18, 2022
- Template
- **Meeting length**: 60 mins
- **Meeting link** - [https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09](https://communityfoundations.zoom.us/j/89105344890?pwd=cWJSaGZYNmtCZC9WcWFNS3A3Z00yZz09) 
- **Cell-founding do**c - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- **Fig-jam link** - [https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1](https://www.figma.com/file/G77aOdrUeg6494UrGHs47C/Governance-Research-Project?node-id=0%3A1) 
- **Original miro board** - [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/) 
- ## Attendees
- Ananth, Ash, Heenal, Michelle, Rowan, Steve
- 
- ## Checkin
	- Mad, Glad, Sad, Afraid... "I'm in"... "Welcome!"... "Pass/I'm in"
- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks/overview 
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	1. Post update and review ask (Rowan)
	2. Discuss linkages to Governance Conversations (Heenal & Michelle)
	3. Any other follow up from Rabbithole Metagovernance project - question for Ananth
- ## Longer items
	1. Review results of the week's research efforts
		- Learnings 
		- How and where to collate results 
	2. Talked about creating a useful framework for doing research and then diving into [Ananth's resources](https://www.notion.so/ananthnann/DAO-Charters-Docs-bdd21fd866264b2d9d4501ea1ff403c5)
- NEW: [Notion Base for Governance Research Project](https://www.notion.so/superbenefit/Governance-Research-Project-a3ec9b41b04542508337877484457632)
- 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ---
- ## Week of May 10, 2022
- Template
- Meeting length: 45mins
- Cell-founding doc - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- ## Attendees
- @MBaldwin @heenal @Rowan  Ananth Nann, Ash
- 
- ## Checkin
	- How do you arrive?

- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	1. Check in on posts
- ## Longer items
	1. Review Miro Board and get to specific activities
		- Decision - We decided to work on researching DAO structures via each person researching several DAOs and pulling out the key features of their structure 
		- We'll update the Discord thread with the DAOs that we are looking at to make sure that we are getting a good spread of different types of DAOs
		- We'll come together in next week's meeting to review and see where we get to... but stay open to discussion in the thread during the week to change course if it is needed. 
		- Example 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ---
- ## Week of May 3, 2022
- Template
- Meeting length: 45mins
- Cell-founding doc - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064) 
- ## Attendees
- @MBaldwin @heenal @Rowan  Ananth Nann
- 
- ## Checkin
	- How do you arrive?

- 
- ## Introduction/welcome to new folks
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	- Review post engagement and ideas for how to respond (Rowan)
	- Next posts in the works (Rowan)
	- Check in on how our Cell is running
- ## Longer items
	1. 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ---
- ## Week of April 26, 2022
- Template
- Meeting length: 45mins
- Cell-founding doc - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7) 
- ## Attendees
- @MBaldwin @heenal @Rowan  
- 
- ## Checkin
	- How do you arrive?
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	1. Updating the founding doc - change leads to something else and possibly nominate one person to do this (Rowan)
	2. Setting up posts - looking at Rowan's post. What needs to happen? Background images. Process of posting on Mirror, possibly framing as part of a series... (Rowan)
		- Can Mirror posts be edited?
		- How to do pullouts on Mirror?
		- What to do with the links?
		- Reach out to Michael to ask how to post to Mirror from superbenefit.eth - is this the multisig? Or does Michael control it? In which case, would Michael have to post this to Mirror himself?
		- Waiting for Ayusha to make the banner image
		- Heenal + Rowan meeting Thursday 4pm EST to edit
- 
- ## Longer items
	1. Discuss research direction and see about kicking off some research bounties to the community (Rowan)
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 
- 
- ---
- 
- ## Week of April 18, 2022
- Template
- Meeting length: 45mins
- Cell-founding doc - [https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/7b03af88-ecdf-4858-8eb8-c0b8d35988f7) 
- ## Attendees
- @MBaldwin @heenal @Rowan  
- ## Checkin
	- How do you arrive?
- 
- ## Updates 
- What have we been working on and other updates relevant to the project 
- 
- ## Agenda items
- Issues that team members want to discuss (added by team members before or during the meeting)
	1. Review [cell founding doc](https://app.clarity.so/superbenefit/notes/ec753aec-320d-413a-9f80-39b9ca9fe064)
	2. Review and approve setting up on multi-sig (Rowan)
	3. ⬜️ SUP-240 Look into setting up a recurring weekly meeting template on Clarity
	4. Connecting the dots with the #[[governance conversations]] project (Heenal)
		- Rowan could be a part of the 3 panels
		- Waiting for Alex to develop framing/invitation to see what points of connection there may between the projects
	5. How to engage others in the project? (Michelle)
		- Heenal talking with Ash next week
		- Question of whether official bounties or how to reward contributors
	6. Walk-though of clarity group set up? (Rowan)
		- Heenal to report back by the next meeting
	7. Next steps on [the post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VRK7X3_kM06DwtIayPTrOUrjTziQPKK_Ra7L-3iA9zw/edit) (Rowan) 
		- Get to a finished first draft and then share with partners to give thoughts and feedback and conversation around it
	8. ⬜️ SUP-242 Discuss how we are going to reward ourselves and other contributors (Rowan)
- ### Longer items
	1. Discuss research direction (referring to research areas on [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVODY0_-c=/?share_link_id=949832188806)) (Rowan)
		- ✅ SUP-241 Sketch out the meta governance categories listed in the miro board 
		- ✅ SUP-243 Reach out to ananth.eth from rabbithole 
		- ✅ SUP-244 Reach out to cpoetter from rabbithole 
- ## Checkout
- What else do you need to feel heard or complete for this call? 








